last time on the runway they asked her are you going to be always camp you told them you could do glamour and you were high-fashion so do you feel that you deliver that today that's the question no but I don't think that was a challenge don't tiptoe around the answer the thing is you told them you have glamour do you think you can go deliver glamour because you just told us that what you do is camp I was channeling Leigh Bowery today yeah girl it was camp no it was Leigh Bowery girl to students class I was wearing it was Leigh Bowery yours was thrown together those eyes just glued onto that costume what is the fishnets from future your fishnets or if like we're on the runway girl yes they work those fishnet were ripped that's just the truth I keep it real angel I know I owe you our food you need names I know it's not about me knowing who I am it's the truth the fishnets will rip done but listen oh wait wait you didn't let me speak know anyone else on the fishnet with every up I thought that fishnets you may wear we're done that's all I tell you it okay out of the runway out of the runway who had the most creative idea on the entire night because because they were there were 5,000 Judy Jetson hookers oh wait a minute wait oh I'm in white hot so I like a Judy Jetson hook so I'm Judy Jetson hook it was a lot of the same it was a lot of the same and you're different I was a thousand times more creative than anybody zaheer thousand time like I'm not gonna come down the runway looking like you like you do you I'm gonna be me what is me and what have you what is you girl look at you grab a mirror you can come down the runway and look like you've stepped off a Rodeo Drive like a goddamn supermodel I will never look like that true you'll never be glam boo just cause you got a sugar daddy pays for everything for you oh [Music] where did this bitch hear that I had a sugar daddy [Shangela] timeout hold up hold up sweetheart let's get it together before you want to read not even in a relationship let alone have some old man shacked up with us buying me all my drag and costumes- [Shangela] I don't have a sugar daddy sweetheart everything that I've had I've worked for and I worked for to get and I've built myself so I need you to know that 100% I don't have a sugar daddy I've never had a sugar daddy if I wanted a sugar daddy yes I probably could go ahead and get one because I am what sickening you could never have a sugar daddy because you are not that kind of girl maybe everything I've had I worked for and I've gotten myself I built myself in the ground fuck you bitch!- [Rupaul] Team Max. Condragulations. You are all safe from elimination. Now get thee to a nunnery! - [Miss Fame] I'm glad that I'm safe. I'm happy that I'm still here. I felt like I was stronger than safe, though. (jazzy music) - [Max] I won the challenge. It feels so good. It's cool, it feels grand. - [Mrs. Hasha Davis] Ru sends me back to the safe zone, and I am exuberant! I cannot believe it! I was convinced that I was gonna be lip-syncing, and I'm thinking to myself, "Thank god!" - [Contestant] Alright, come on team Max. Let's sit down. - [Contestant] C'mon, safety. - [Contestant] This one is water. - [Contestant] Safety first. - [Contestant] I'm gonna sit on the couch because I usually don't. - [Contestant] Let's do a cheers to our team leader who carried us through! - [All] Cheers! - [Trixie Mattel] Max has been so quiet in this competition, and Max was really quiet when I went to school with him. And being team leader just brought him out. - Max, you impressed the crap out of me. Everything is so well thought out. - Don't make me smile. - Have we not all been thinking since the beginning, "Max is amazing." - No, I have not. I'm gonna be honest she walked around the corner that first day, and I was like, "Who is this person?" She looked like the Queen of England. I did not expect you to deliver what you've been delivering, and I have to say, Miss Max, I was a little skeptical going into this. I was like, "We're the big theater team, "And they're going to be expecting us to fail." Or not expecting us to fail, but expecting to us to so over-deliver that I was worried, but you did a good job, girl! - I had all the confidence in the world in Max. - [Max] Can I say one thing? I picked people for my team very strategically, like very strategically. It was between you and Violet, and I knew that you have a more positive attitude and you have more, you're going to let yourself have more room to grow than Violet would've, and that's-- - Well can we talk about the fact that Violet has been picked last twice? And she was the winner, and pretty much first runner-up the first two challenges? - Right, so she's bringing strength somewhere but the teams aren't interested. - That's because she comes across as a total [bleep]. - [Mrs. Kasha Davis] Violet has a mouth. That [bleep] needs just a moment of "I'm not all that." - You have to be a professional. And that means dealing with anybody and everybody and every situation that comes your way. And not complaining about and questioning every single decision that is made that you don't make. - I didn't think she looked gorgeous on the runway. - [Ginger Minj] I loved it, that's very much my aesthetic, though. - [Contestant] I liked the vintage gown but it was pulling here, and you could see the-- - [Contestant] I didn't give her the once over because I'm not judging, I just went, "Oh, look you pretty." - [Contestant] That hair curled under with the hair-- - [Contestant] Her face and hair, gorgeous. - [Contestant] Besides the beard I thought she looked beautiful. I was like, "This is kinda the most pretty you've looked to me." - She looked beautiful in the challenge as well. But is that all that she is? Is gorgeous? - [Miss Fame] I think Violet has talent, but that negative energy is not gonna avail her success. And I think she thinks she's better than she is. - Well according to their team, that was a really flattering cut of what Jasmine did. Because I heard that she was really having a hard time with her lines. - Girl, Jasmine's already packed up her [bleep]! - She's packed her whole freaking station. She is out the door! - She's packed her station, she's said her goodbyes... - That is why things aren't going well for her because she has that attitude. - Well she proved in the first episode that she can't sell, and now she just proved that she has trouble with acting. It's like... You know coming into this they're gonna test you on those things. - Everybody else went out of their way to make sure that their bearded look looked really, really good. And she just kinda smudged some black on her chin. - She did tell me that if she is going to be lip-syncing against Kennedy she's just gonna stand there and not lip-sync. And honestly-- - No she can't do that, she can't do that. - That pissed me off more than anything else. After [bleep] auditioning for this show for seven years, for somebody to be here and be like, "Oh I'm packing my stuff, I'm going home." There are people out there watching this show who would die be on this, and you're just gonna give up like that? - Unprofessional. - This is a defense mechanism. She's trying to cover her ass right now so if she goes home, she can go home and not be embarrassed. She gonna go, "[bleep], I didn't even want "to be on the show anyway, I'm just gonna go." - It's disrespectful. - But girl, if that's how you feel, then get your [bleep] and get the [bleep] out! - Exactly. - [Trixie] She packed her bags before she had to lip-sync. How many people audition every year? Kasha Davis auditioned 86 times. She's been auditioning since 1930. Jasmine gets here and just quits, right away. It's sad. - It sounds like my girl Pearl's in the bottom, and from the flip side of the coin, Pearl really wants it. - Pearl wants to be here. - Do you think she's going to be in the bottom? - I think the judges are gonna see that Pearl has a lot more up here sleeve. - Yeah, I think she's sickening. - That's why I want the [bleep] to go home. (laughs) - She's a killer. - I don't want wrinkles, and I don't want my beard to fall off, so... - Girl, how about these beards? - This is the most uncomfortable thing I've ever had on in drag. - I haven't had a beard since middle school, and her name was Tracy. (everyone laughs) - It's like sticky feeling underneath, that's what it feels like to stick your chin in a vagina if you haven't done it. (groans) - Girl, I tried it. I was married for years, that's what it's like. I'm telling you! I'm just trying to tell you truth. - I'm saying this, and I don't mean it as a read, but it's probably gonna come off as that. I don't think you've ever looked prettier! - Really, yeah. - [Ginger Minj] You look beautiful! Your eyes and everything is softer. - Well I wanted to show them that I love being funny and cartoony, but this is pretty, this is kinda elegant. - [Ginger Minj] It is very beautiful. - [Trixie] With my bearded challenge, I definitely gave them a spark in their head that I'm not gonna always come out there with a clown nose on. I can do really pretty. - What is going to happen next? - Right I wonder what's going on! - I'm nervous. - I wanna see what they saying about these girls. - I hope nobody killed each other. - Let's get real here. What do we think's coming through these doors? - What a mess and I don't wanna be around it. I'm gonna sit back here. - I think today's the day. - I think Jasmine is about to come back here and go-- - She is going to go off! - [RuPaul] I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. (tense music) - [Voiceover] Break on the mainstage. All cameras reboot for deliberation. - I'm cleaning this stuff up before we start throwing it at each other. - Thanks Mom! - Let's clear the space, oh this is nice and warm! I got a warm tush! C'mon, warm tush! - No more of that. - Babe-raham Lincoln. - There she is! - Does anyone have an Adderall? - How are we doing, ladies? - You look so sickening, Miss Abraham. I live for that. - So how was the mainstage? - The bottom line is, our production fell through. It did not go well at all. And I know for a fact that... Ru and Michele felt like it was all my fault. And one thing that I can't agree with was honestly with Violet. - I specifically remember turning to Kennedy and saying, "Should we run it as a group?" And she shot me down and said no, and I think that was the root of our problem. - I felt that it was important for us to learn our lines, because if we learn our lines, then we can take direction. Everybody had that time to learn their lines. That was my whole point of saying, "No let's not work together." Because we ran it, we ran the lines a few times. - [Violet] But we're a team. - I understand that, I do respect, I respect each and every one of my team members. I felt like if there was such a problem outside of Violet asking me were we gonna run it together, I feel like y'all would've said that there was a problem. We all in this business, y'all are grown, y'all know what the task is at hand is, and I just depended on my team to pull through. - There is no way that you can't say that running it together over and over and over again more than two or three times like we did, wouldn't have been a good idea. There's no way. - I didn't say it wasn't gonna be a, it wasn't a good idea. - I know, but that's what you're saying. - What I'm saying is I made the call to do something else. - I know, you're defending it, and we're trying to say that that wasn't a good idea. - Duh, well I see that now! (laughs) - Now? - It doesn't make any sense to work alone on a team. That makes no sense, to work alone on a team is like the opposite of what you're supposed to be doing. We were put in groups to work together as a team. To have us go off separately and work alone makes absolutely no sense, and that's what was going through my mind at the time. - Ok well then, like you so quick to say stuff, then I would've expected you to say it again, and tell me, "You know what, "I really think we need to do this." - Girl, you were shooting me down the whole day! - No I did not! You asked me once and I said no! - I was asking about costumes, everything, you were like, "No you need to focus on your lines, girl, "learn your lines." - Baby no, no. Take that back, because when you came-- - I was there, boo! - You're the one who said that you didn't wanna wear your red skirt, and I said, "No leave that on." - I was asking you if we had the red skirts! - No ma'am! - Girl, you were shooting me down all day. - When I came to you and you had the skirt on-- - The bottom line is is that-- - You said like I said You said! Do I just wanna take this skirt, no you leave the skirt on, it's a part of the script! You're the one who didn't wanna wear the skirt, that's the only time I corrected you. - The skirt has nothing to do with why we're in the bottom. That is totally irrelevant. - No, I'm correcting what you said before. I felt like if you had your time to learn your lines and you got your lines, then once we got to the stage and got direction, it would flow. - When Kennedy said, "Practice your lines." Practicing our lines is knowing what the other person before us is saying-- - Thank you. - So that we can just jump in and know what we have to say, which is what [bleep] us up. Because nobody knew when they had to start, including myself. There was some times I didn't know when I had to start. - I know when I'm learning a script, I always learn who is, what the person before me says, and I knew my cue was "pig." Because she says "pig" at the pig in a wig, I knew that was my time to say "double double." Nevertheless it was a judgement call on my end, so it's no team. And I don't hold grudges. You don't really care for me anyway, and-- - That's not the case! - I'm just saying. We can still be girlfriends after, but we never really was girlfriends from the beginning. It's all about the game. And if you don't play the game well, then [bleep], you have to lip-sync. So that's what it's about. - I agree completely. Do you think that's what it's all about? - Yeah, of course! Of course I'm lip-syncing! - Did they say you were definitely lip-syncing? Did they say that yet? - No, but I know I am because if I was on the leader, was I the worst? Hell no I wasn't. But the principle and the fact of the matter is I was the leader. - I don't think Kennedy should go up and lip-sync for her life because all of us played out, that was all on our own grown asses. And none of us was [bleep] perfect. And that's why I feel that the weakest one, it was me. I know my flaws, and I can stand up to it. And like when they said about my mustache, I don't give a [bleep] what nobody put on their face. I'm not putting that glue [bleep] on my face. If they don't like it, that's fine, I had this face for 37 years. I know this body better than nobody besides the man upstairs, and I'm not putting nothing on my face that I feel may harm me later on down the road. If I win 100,000 dollars, you mean to [bleep] tell me I gotta go spend 100,000 dollars to get my skin back the way it was? Sorry, it's not happening. And that's all I gotta say. - [Violet] Like [bleep] suck it up. I don't want to hear your [bleep] sob story. Quit making excuses and being like, "I don't do this, I don't do that." But if Jasmine's not up there lip-syncing for her life, I will throw the biggest hissy fit on Drag Race history. So I hope you have cameras ready for that. - There's gonna be a challenge for every one of us where we rise and the other one we fall, you know? - Girl, out of all the [bleep] you've been saying this whole trip, that makes sense. (everyone laughs) It's a joke. - I was gonna say girl, I can't read you! [bleep]! - It's just a joke, let me clear it up. - I'm like, girl, I'm not the one, [bleep]! - No, it's just that everybody know, girl, every time you start talking, I go crazy, you know what I'm saying? - I never knew that! I'm the last to know, girl! You should've said it to my face! - Girl you didn't know that? - Up until this moment, everybody else knew, you just put your goddamn foot in your mouth! - Ok but that's where the joke came from, girl. - Oh well I'm the last one to know about this joke. - [Violet] She thinks everything you say is [bleep] - Well I guess we're on two different spiritual planes girl. - No I do not think everything she says is [bleep]. My problem, since you brought it up, Miss Violet, my problem-- (laughs) - With Miss Fame is, Miss Fame have a tendency to overtalk. - You overtalk every time we're in this room! You go, go, go! - That is not true! - You are sitting here for the past 20 minutes talking the whole goddamn time! - You hoes sitting here quiet and making it seem like I'm the only one. Yeah all of you hoes sitting here. - No, I said it too, girl. - Thank you! - You do like to tell us all about all how wonderful you are. - You talk a lot, I totally agree, but I would never tell you to not talk. (group yells) - Girl, who said for her not to talk. - Violet do you want a spoon so you can stir this [bleep], baby? - Right, 'cause she is stirring it. Ain't nobody said, baby, ain't nobody said for you not to talk. - You're gonna have to love me no matter what, girl, because I'm gonna have to love you no matter what. - I love you for real. - She has a brand! - But if you're lucky, girl, I'm gonna have you as a client! - That's fine, honey. Please put me on the client list, please. - Well we can all agree we're all ready to tear these [bleep] beards off right now. - Hell [bleep] yeah. - Thank you Pearl! - It's like literally on its last leg. - There's glue, do you want glue? - Do you have spirit gum? [bleep] can I get on your list real quick so I can get this mustache touched up? - Who [bleep] throbbing? - I got this dress on, girl, so I didn't tuck or nothing. - [bleep] my gaff is wearing me out. - (laughs) Is it throbbing, girl? - [bleep], what is going like-- (laughs) - Can you feel your heart beat in your [bleep]? - Yes ma'am, honey. (laughs) - Yes ma'am. - Five minute warning to head back on stage. Five minute warning. - He is so cute. - He is my type, that nerdy type, I love that. - He's so adorable. - It's gonna be so terrible if both you girls have to lip-sync. - No well, she got to lip-sync as hell, I'm not moving my mouth. And I may not move my mouth when I go up there. - You know both you girls have been so close to me, I really don't wanna see either of you go home. - At this point, like I said before, I miss my nephew more than anything. - Yeah girl, but [bleep] just think about how far you can get and do [bleep] for your nephew. Don't give up right now. You can't. - I'm ready to go home and see my nephew. And if it's my time to go home, all I can say is hey, I made it on the show, I had a wonderful time and I won't look back, I'll just move forward. - Mel B was like, she was like, "Your dress is so pretty, "but all of this is just so ugly." - Who said that? - Mel B! - That's a heavy one. - Yeah, I expected Mel B to be really sweet and nice, but she was really harsh. - She came ready to read. - Yeah girl, she was ready. She had the glasses, she was real stern and very severe. - She was like, "Welcome to Reading Rainbow." - [bleep] and she looked severe too. - She looked good! - Slicked back, she looked-- - I like her hair. - [Kennedy] I'm really worried for Jasmine. That's my sister, you know? We have a bond and stuff, but if I have to lip-sync, it's not time for me to go home. - [Stage Manager] Ok ladies, get ready to head to mainstage, if everybody wants to follow me. Here we go, let's do it. - Here we go. [bleep]. - [Rupaul] Welcome back, ladies. Jasmine Masters, Kennedy my dear, you are up for elimination. The time has come for you to lip-sync for your life. (intense music) Kennedy Davenport. Shantay you stay. Jasmine girl, you are a prima donna and a true diva. I know that's right. And you best to believe her. Now, sashay away. (contestants clap) My queens! This week you suffered the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. Remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else, can I get a amen up in here? - [All] Amen. - [Rupaul] Now. If you should be the food of love, play on! (dance music) - [Jasmine] My goal was to make it on the show. So I tried out, so many years. If anything, I wanna apologize to Ru. I know she probably expected more from me, Like I expected from myself, but I didn't deliver. If it had been another girl that sent me off, I'd have been pissed off about it, but knowing that I lost to my sister Kennedy, I'm fine with it. I'm definitely going to miss the rest of these [bleep], and I'm sad to say that I'm done. Now I'm looking forward to seeing my family as soon as I get out of here. - [Interviewer] So you're all packed already. What is that about, why did you pack yourself? - I just knew with the challenge, with the acting situation, I just felt so... defeated I wanna say, I think. And I just felt like it was just time for me to go after that. And I really honestly felt like Ru's gonna come in that day and be like, "Girl, look. "This is gonna be the first time in history "that we gonna ever ask anyone "not to lip-sync for their life "but just pack up and go home." I was just like, you know, I'm packing this stuff up. I'm not gonna wait. I'm gonna get it on out the way, take care of this early, and be ready to get sent home. I think that's it. (sad music) So this was one dream that I had. And I'm just moving on to the next. Whatever the universe has in store for me, Jasmine Masters is ready for it. Bye! See you soon! See you soon sand and rocks!- [RuPaul] Katya, Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Kennedy Davenport, Miss Fame, and Ginger Minj. The five of you may leave the stage. - When Ru says I am safe, I say yes, you better prance, girl, yes ma'am! - I won the challenge, boom, thank you Jesus, mmm. I had to give him some praise! - God, I'm glad for her. I'm so glad for her. Kennedy's my girl and I want to see her in that top three with me. Get my slippers. (claps) (laughing) - Oh my god, thank you Jesus! Hoo. - Cosmic stars are aligning. - Oh sweet nectar of life. - My prayers are answered. I wanna thank god, the cosmos, my crystals and my boobies and RuPaul of course. - [All] Cheers! - To Miss Kennedy [bleep] Davenport! (yelling) - Ooh, girl, watching those videos, I expected something to bomb. - Girl, I was so... - But they were good! - They were good, they were fun, they were all funny. - They were all funny in a very different way. - Yes. - I was so nervous about the video, but once I saw it, I was like oh. - And girl, you was funny. - Yeah, you were! - You were definitely the funniest of your group. - Girl, while you was preparing, I was like, girl, they got their baby. They gon' set this baby up. (laughing) That's what I was thinking, girl, for real. I was like, girl, they gonna set this baby up! - But you, like, you killed it. - And you looked like... (laughing) That's a bigger version. - Oh right. - I'm telling you, honey. - Your facial expressions, everything. - I looked at a picture of her and started painting, honey, and I got into my Bianca mode. - This has been wonderful to be able to do music and like things, I've never done that before. - Your talents are [bleep] amazing. - Started practicing singing in New York 'cause I wanted to get over the fear of being heard. Girl, I know I set myself up. (laughs) Girl, please. - The studio, I thought I did strong. - Yeah, you did really well. - Okay, 'cause I don't want to toot my own horn. - Just try to get all the way up there. You're going a little flat. ♪ Ten with you ♪ It's ♪ And with you ♪ ♪ Ten with you ♪ (yelling) (riffs) - All right, calm down, Mariah. - That was like so, it was effortless and easy. I just can't believe this was the challenge I was the most afraid of and it ended up, for me, was the best one for so far. - You were consistent. - But I'll just tell you this. That's why I chose you in the last challenge because I knew that, you know, you have a lot to offer, you get what I'm saying? So, you know, and they are seeing that now. - Yeah, it's just taking a little bit. After doing this challenge, I feel more comfortable in the competition because I had so much fun. - I think my team did pretty good, it was just the only thing is, and I'm gonna have to talk to her about it, because-- - Violet? - Yeah, because when we were in the studio recording, she just was getting snappy with Lucien because, you know, she was like, she's not a singer. ♪ Paint myself up, throw a wig on my head ♪ - Are you doing it up the octave or are you doing it-- - I don't know, I don't know all this lingo. I've never done this before. - Oh, all right, well you're timing wasn't great. - I just went off your cue. - I'm just like, if we get eliminated because of you and your actions then I'm gonna be pissed and I'm gonna have it out with you. In the studio, she went too far because I'm like, girl, like this ain't just you. We are a group, we are a team, and that one person can spoil our whole team. - Who do you think was the weakest in your group? - It would probably be Kandy. - She was the one that took the most warming up. She's the one that didn't quite get what we were doing, yeah. - She can take instruction very well and she has great memory, but it's like applying and delivering. - We knew that Kasha was going to kind of be what Kasha was. (low voice) Oh, yeah. ♪ Slapping your face on a candy bar ♪ Letting the world know you're a superstar ♪ - We knew she was gonna be the... We knew she was gonna be the cowardly lion from the Wizard of Oz. (screaming) - (mocking Kasha) Oh, it's so exciting to be here today. Oooh. - What do you think about Trixie? - I don't know, I don't know. (talking over each other) - Here's the thing, she's very strong about getting, and she's smart and she's quick. - That's why I would like her to go home. - Here's the thing, here's the thing. When I've been on a challenge with her every single time we've worked together, she has a bigger personality in the work room than she does in the challenge. And she shrinks. - I haven't gotten to work with her. - I wish Pearl had gone bigger. - Well, did you see her in the lip syncs? Her lip syn was a mess, in that video? It was like, bluh, it was, yet again, it was slow. - There was no character. - She's slow. - She's slow. ♪ I wanna ten, ten ♪ I wanna ten, ten ♪ I wanna ten, ten, ten with you ♪ - All right. - This is a [bleep] competition! - 100 percent, 100 percent agree with that. - If you're not bringing your A-game, I'm sorry, that pisses me off. - Your tone is sharp right now. It's scary! - I'm just pissed! - I hear ya girl, [bleep] point it over that way, not in this direction 'cause my face can't take it! - It irritates me, because-- - My thing is this was, not every look should be the same. Every challenge you don't have no pants on? - Pearl looked stunning today. - If she would've had just a little bit. If she would've had just like a little insert, you get what I'm saying? But Pearl looked like a goddamn piece of paper. I got plenty of thighs and ass. - Yes you do, girl. - I have plenty of thighs and ass, but I will not, I will not. - I would never go on stage without pads on. I would never! I would not do the show! - Going on stage without pads is like going on stage-- - Without a wig on! - I don't know if the judges is catching it or not, but she wearing them same dry ass blonde wigs. She done put on that diaper looking ass girdle, with no pants on. I mean, I'm sorry. - She needs to invest in some-- - I'm sorry, she don't have, she's not, I mean I like her creativity, but she's becoming repetitious. - Her face is fiercer than her personality. That looks like it's gonna be a lot more and then, it's not projecting. - She's just quiet. - But she's beautiful! - Right. - Stunning! - With zero personality, zero energy. - But she's, beautiful! (laughing) - All right ladies, I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. - [Man] That's a break on the main stage. All camperas repo for deliberation. - Our life stories, or like, I was talking to... - Ooh, they're back! All right, girls. - Hey gals. - What's the [bleep]-- (talking over each other) - This chair has my name on it. I am gonna come and sit. - Cocktails! - Kasha, they've got cocktails! - There's always time for a cocktail. - I want that to be my ringtone. - Stop trying to make sex happen. - Tell us everything. - Turns out, turns out not being safe is the [bleep] worst and it sucks. - They said I wasn't wearing enough green, which I a little bit agree with. And they also said that I blended into the background, which again, I agree with as well. I definitely didn't stand out in that video and that's just like something I can't change now, I guess. I mean, I was trying to be as authentically Courtney Act as I could and part of that is just being a run-of-the-mill blonde. - And that's what they said? - What about you, Trix? - They said with the look, they said they liked it and then they said for my performance, especially me being a comedy person, they said I had my little bit moments, but they would have liked more. They were just like, we thought you were so funny and you were so funny in your audition interview, or audition video and then you haven't really been that funny yet. The judges were not super impressed and, you know, I'm here on comedy. I have a great personality and a crackling wit and if I'm not showing that to the judges, I'm kind of in trouble. But they gave me props for the concept for the video and for spearheading a lot of the lyrics and stuff, so... - Did they give you props, or did you give yourself props? I forget. - Little bit of both. - I mean, they asked, like... - I'm teasing, you did it, I thought that was great, I'm just... - Well especially if I was flopping in the performance, I wanted to let them know like, the background, I was still working, yeah. It's hard to hear from them that we expected this and you're not doing it. It's like, [bleep]. - What else did they say about you? - I don't even know, they were just, they were really nice. - They were very complimentary of you. - They have like nothing bad to say about her. - They said like one negative thing and it was that I didn't push enough and everything else was like an overflow of compliments and I was just like, thanks. - For a second, I was a little bit nervous about our team because, you know, I don't know if you notice it or not, but I know some of the other girls noticed it too. Sometimes you give off a, a little bit of a kind of mean vibe. And then when we were in the studio, with Lucien, it seemed like that you were kind of like getting smart or getting an attitude, so I got a little bit nervous about that. - I mean, all I can do is be honest with my feelings. - Kandy, what'd they say about you? - They said that in the video, I was good and I was funny. - And pretty. - Yeah, and that I looked pretty. - Yeah, Jessica Alba said that you were gorgeous. - And, then on the runway they said that I'm kind of blending in. You know, I didn't really stand out with my green look. It's just a really pretty green dress. - I felt like they were a little unfair to you because we were all wearing like costumes that are more conceptual, but if everyone up there would have been wearing really beautiful gowns, they wouldn't have said anything to you. You know what I mean? - When I do my outfits and when I visualize how I want to look, it's not a theme. I'm just, I need to look pretty and that's my main thing. I want to look very pretty that when people see me, they go, ooh, damn, look at her, she looks, like, from head to toe. That's what I go for. I don't go for, well today, I'm going to be a cat. And, you know, that's just not me. (laughing) Because that's not me. - Pearl? - Oh you know, the usual. - They tell you to wake up, again? - No, they said that they had no idea what my character was and yeah, that I had no energy. They really had nothing good to say about me at all. They didn't even like what I was wearing right now. - I don't think that's true, they did. They did say that-- - Jessica Alba did. - They complimented... - Michelle said that she doesn't hate it. - No, but she wanted to make sure you were on the same page about the snake and the body. Like, the snake not having a body. There were compliments in there, but I get where you're going, but... - Do you think you're in the bottom two? - Oh yeah, there's no way I could be in the bottom three twice in a row and not lip sync. - Who else did they? - I'm a little worried. - Me definitely, the other girl, who the [bleep] knows, honestly. - I think it's me or Kandy. - I'd probably say it'd probably be Kandy only because you had to lip sync before. - Miss Kasha, I'm living for this body in this gown, honey. - I'm so glad they got the green things. If they would have read you like, your dress is white. - I was expecting like, you're wearing all white with green acc-- - Yeah, 'cause they said something to Max. - Yeah, she was like, you're wearing-- - I was like, well, now I know what I'm gonna hear. - Yeah, and this is mostly in all green. - In fairness, you've got more than pasties though. Like, I love Max and I love everything that she does, but there's not a lot of green. - I'm wearing just as much green as Violet is. Let's be real. - No you're not. - If my skin was all showing, and then this was green, I'd be wearing all green. You know what I mean? - You have green pasties and green shoes. - And I got this, the, panye, and the feather in my hair. I've got a decent amount of green. - I do not understand the infatuation that the judges have with Max. You glued two earrings to your nipples, girl, and thought that would be enough green? (scoffs) Please. - I can say, like, given what you have presented before, it's like one of your weakest looks. - Of course not, and it's, you know, all green isn't something that I'm like, oh I could do so many things with that. - Your green is ugly, I'm sorry, but I mean... (laughs) - I'm super happy that Kennedy won. Like, I think she did a great job. - I agree. - But, there's part of me that goes well hell, if I had sat back and let somebody else write everything for me, could I have won? You did, you did do the work. - It seems like I keep helping everybody else win challenges. I'm writing people jokes, I'm directing people with their characters. At some point, I'm just gonna have to step back and say, all right, that's enough girl. You don't need to help anybody else. You need to help yourself. - I think you should have won? Because you were, definitely has more originality to it. It's not just another pageant, you know? - But I also, I'm not being shady because I'm really happy that she bounced back as much as she did. - Deservedly so, what you're thinking. 'Cause you put in a lot of work and I could tell and it shows and you're hilarious. It's not shady, it's just entirely realistic, you know? - How are you doing, Miss Pearl? - I'm fine, you know. - You seem like you feel [bleep]. - I do feel [bleep] and I want to win and I want the money and I want to be recognized for my art and my talent, but if I do go home after this lip sync, I at least wanted you all to know that you've all been very amazing. I'm so glad to have gotten to know all of you. And I can't wait to see you after this experience 'cause I'll be a totally different person, seriously. - It'll be way more fun. Well here's the reality, Pearl. Like, you are so good. Like, from the first time I ever saw you, you were like, left the biggest thumbprint. I'm like, wow, that person is so original and good at what they do. Whether or not you or I are here on television right now, we are so good anyway, do you know what I mean? It doesn't really matter what other people say. - You are so good. I've seen your pictures and everything. - What other people think is... - None of your goddamn business. - And that includes her. - I think Pearl has really stepped her game up, but I don't know if that's enough. I don't know if she's really ready to be America's next drag superstar. And I don't know how much longer she has left in her for this competition. - And if I have to lip sync, I love you guys. It's been so fun. - Do you really think you're gonna lip sync? - Um, I honestly don't think it's as probable. I think Pearl for sure is. They were harshest on her. It's like they were possibly a little harsher on you. But you never know. - Hey boo. Look at me. I'm so sorry. - It's okay. - Where is everybody going? - Girl, where Pearl is. - Is she okay? - Well everybody don't need to get up and go. She don't need her Pamper changed. (laughing) - Her Pamper. (laughing) - Pearl, she says that she doesn't really get nervous, but I think in this competition, she's starting to have feelings that maybe she's not used to having in the world outside of these walls. - Just breathe and bring yourself back to your good place for yourself. If you need anything, I'm right, you know where I am. - I love you, too. - I can't go too far. - Just, here's, girl, I've been in the bottom two. If you really think you're gonna lip sync, don't walk into that lip sync thinking you're gonna go home. You gotta just-- - That's your moment to say, [bleep] you, I'll show you energy. Come on, let's do it. - I know. - You have, it's an opportunity. - I'll leave you alone, girl. Take a minute. Smoke your cigarette, you'll be all right. - Well, so what were you referring to when you were talking about me being mean? - I don't know if you do it on purpose, or I don't know if, you know, maybe it's just your personality. You know, it's like sometimes you have that pop of attitude. - It's your schtick, you know that. The first thing you said to me when we stood at the table when we first walked into the work room. - That thing about your man arms. - Yeah, and man arms, and then we'll see if you have any talent. I was like, okay, bitch. So I called you a bitch like 20 times. It's just your age. I was that same way. - I come from a place where I have to [bleep] claw my way to get any, I'm still not respected in my city. - You will be now, girl. - But you know it takes growth, Violet, and you have a long way to go. - Okay ladies, five minute warning. If you want to touch up your makeup, please. - I'm feeling a little worried that I'm gonna have to lip sync for my [bleep] life against Pearl which, it's just a feeling that I don't want to have to feel all over again. - Yeah, I don't think I need it. - I'm trying to stay off these feet. - I'll make you one, dearest. - Thank you. - I love you. - I love you. - I'm so happy we got to do this together. - Me too. - Whatever happens tonight, we're gonna have so much in the future it like hardly matters. - I would've never known you and I were gonna be such good friends. - I know, me too. - We never really got the opportunity. - Well, I always thought we would. We just never lived in the same city. - We're just always working. - Yeah. - I love you. - I love you, too. - I know it's gonna be me. I know I'm gonna have to lip sync against my friend. This is just how it's gonna happen. And if I have to, I'm gonna hate it. If I have to lip sync against you, I'd appreciate it if you laid down on the ground the whole time. That would just help me. - I mean, honestly, I almost want to just so... 'Cause you deserve it. - Shut up! Are you kidding me? - No, I'm being real. Trixie's a very genuine, very talented, very funny, very charismatic person who I'm really happy to have as a friend. She deserves to be here more than, probably, any of those other bitches. - It's my first time not safe, so it's scary. - Okay ladies, we're headed to main stage now if everyone wants to grab their stuff and follow me this way towards the door, thank you very much! - Come on, now, yes. - We're going. - I knew I should've done Biggest Loser. - [RuPaul] Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Pearl, Trixie my dear, I'm sorry, but you are up for elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! (dramatic music) Pearl, Shante, you stay. (cries) Talk to me, Pearl. (sniffs) - I just love her so [bleep] much. She's, I love her so much. I feel so... (cries) - [RuPaul] All right. - It's okay. - Trixie Mattel, you are an amazing queen. Keep on dreaming, and keep on laughing. Now, sashay, away. - Thank you. (applause) Bye! - [RuPaul] Condragulations, ladies. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how the hell are you gonna love somebody else? Can I get a amen up in here? - [All] Amen! - [RuPaul] Let the music play! - I'm extremely emotional. It's just really hard leaving people. The thing is, everybody loses but one person, so it's sad, but to be here is extremely validating. You know, going home so that Pearl stays is kind of like a comfort, you know? I don't often meet drag queens that I want to be bffs with, so, I was excited for Snatch Game and I was excited for more standup comedy challenges. It's a bummer that being a comedy person, I dropped the whoopee cushion, if you will. I'm proud of everything I did. I'm proud of every single challenge and runway that I did, but one day you think you're doing great. The next day, you're eliminated. There's always the Biggest Loser, right? God, do I take it all home or burn it? There's so much. Big gown with my face on it. - Oh no, I loved that! - I know. My Trixie Mattel sunglasses. Oh I got notes! (gasps) Trixie, I love you and the judges suck and I hate everyone else here, the end, love Max. P.S. I will win for you, aww. She's not gonna win, just kidding. I [bleep] love you, sorry it had to happen like this. You deserved to stay. I'm channeling your amazing energy and thinking about you. Don't hate me, see you so soon, love you, Pearl. Every time I think of you, I'll think of you eating lunch and it dropping into the crumbs of your beard. That's sweet. - [RuPaul] Max and Pearl, you're the winners of this week's challenge. Kennedy Davenport, Jaidynn Diore Fierce, you are safe. You may leave the stage. (laughing) - Yes! Come on, we have to go this way. - Holy [bleep], this week has been so [bleep] hard. RuPaul came and slam dunked my face into the ground, but I feel like me and Max worked so hard. - I can't believe it, we won. Oh my god! Pearl, this way? I'm glad that I was safe. I feel like this week has definitely given me the opportunity to stick my neck out a little bit, and it's difficult, but I think it's, you have to look at it as a test of your professionalism. - So, I'm safe and I still give god praise and thanks. I'm relieved that I'm still here. (claps) - Time to sit, time to sit, it's time to sit and drink some water. And we're safe, on to episode six! So I found my beautiful-- (clink) (splash) (laughs) Oh, I guess you don't get a cocktail, Pearl. - Girl, you're lucky none of that got on your white dress! - Girl, win a challenge. - Just knocking all over everybody's drink. - Well, I'll be thirsty. - So sorry, whoever has to clean that up. - [Max] Usually give a little warning before I do that. - I'll be held responsible for cleaning it up. - But I will say, girls, congratulations. - Thank you, look, it looks like I have blood on my tights now. - I'm sorry. - It's okay. - Girl, you good. - And congratulations, Pearl, 'cause honey, you went up there, you slayed! - Oh my god, I was going through it yesterday. - I was like, oh my gosh. - RuPaul, I felt, was like so aggressive with his-- - It was scary! - It was scary, like we had a legitimate stare down. - What did he say? - You have a very big personality. Pearl, you do not have a very big personality. How are you going to overcome that for this award? - Um, I think that I have a great personality, actually. - Pearl, you know, the reason I'm twisting your tits here is because you were in the bottom last week. - Right. - And I wanna make sure that this week, you up the ante. - Well you kind of like told me I had no personality. I mean, that doesn't make me feel good or give me confidence. - I'm not going to lie to you. I had to get up and leave because I was not happy and ready to bounce. - Pearl was gone for like, how long were you gone for, like an hour? - Oh, more than that. - I was sitting in the work room and I was just like, is it a solo challenge now? - You know, I know and I apologize for that. - No, listen, I was prepared to make it a solo challenge, but I didn't want to have to and I didn't want to see you give up because you, you're so much more than a joke about your personality. - Thank you, and you know, I know that I have a great personality and I might be going through some issues since I've been here and it might not be coming through. - But you know, listening to other interviews that Ru has given and stuff, whatever it takes to get it out of you, that's what she's gonna do. - It [bleep] worked. - It worked. - What the hell? - You know what, I would've kicked myself in the [bleep] six months from now if I had just walked out. - Yeah, and when I would've found you on one of our I would've slapped you. - [Max] Backhanded yo... (laughing) - Did you get nominated for anything, or did you win? - Yeah, uh-huh, I won. - She won most-- - Most busted queen. - Sorry darling, we didn't pick it, and I didn't vote for you. They went too hard on you and they went too hard on you. - Well, I'm the big girl, but this fupa is sexy, though. In fact, that's the difference. I get it, I'm really really short and really really fat. Talk about it, talk about it, shut up about it, 'cause it's just bothering me. Oh my gosh, when you had-- - Can you pull my toe? - Yes, girl. When you had your Ginger Minj read and you did your chin like that and you sounded exactly like her. - Girl. After we swing on by Gatorland, we can get on back to my apartment and swing on my husband! (laughing) - I was out! - The [bleep] is always talkin' about [bleep] Gatorland, I'm like, why don't we do this, [bleep]. - Ru was laughing so hard at that. She was like, ah, hahaha. - I mean, I thought somebody, I mean, at least another group would've been safe. Although, you know, she knew her lines and everything, but she lacked character, was Kandy Ho. - Kandy, yeah. - Kandy Ho keep getting the same critiques. She has to like, actually prove and get out of that like we had to do. So just like you pulled yourself out of it, she gotta pull herself out of it and she haven't yet. - Yeah. - I think Kandy was the weakest link and they're gonna lean into her for that. - Yeah. - Who was the weakest out of Violet and-- - Definitely Violet. - Yeah, both of them were kind of like flat line. - And it was very two [bleep] girls just like in the lunch room being [bleep]. It was like... - Pearl's tucking ability is just like her personality. Semi-precious, exhausted, and barely there! (laughing) - I worked with Violet last week. There was an energy about her that was very just like, no we're not gonna do that. No, I can't do that. - She's mean to everybody and she don't see it. - She doesn't see it. - She do not see the way she talk to people. Girl, she would never be my partner unless Ru put us together. - Violet is an I'm full of myself queen. - Who else do we think was in trouble? - I think, I honestly think Katya held up her group. - Oh yeah, for sure. - Yeah. - She's one of my favorite people here. - I was kinda shocked at Kasha because during the paper challenge, she just had me laid out, girl. I was over there rolling. - We were so cheap we designed her outfit out of paper but we did it, this [bleep]. She thinks she looks good! (laughing) - But then when she got on stage today, I was like, oh. Well that yesterday thing you did was funnier, but-- - And I'm so rooting for her. I think she's lovely and she's classy and she's kind and she gets on that stage and she gets so nervous and you can tell. - Oh yeah. - It's weird to think that somebody out there is going home because I feel like it's getting so, like I know it's not, like down to the nitty gritty that it's going to be, but I feel like a lot of, four girls have gone home. And it feels like it's been a while since we've been here. - I done lost track of the days, the time, the hours, day or night. (laughs) - The more you don't know, the better it is because you'd be looking at the clock, you'd be looking at the dates and stuff and then you'd be like... That's how you get homesick and all of that kind of stuff so I just don't even, I just oh, today it's time to get up? Oh, okay. - Sometimes you walk outside, you're like I can't believe that it's still daylight. (laughs) - You know, I just got to keep, you know, shoot. I don't wanna know what time it is. Ooh, I miss home, I miss my boyfriend. I miss my six five of sexiness. (laughing) It's been a struggle because I'm not used to being gone home away from home this long 'cause it's like, oh, I can't do this. This is for these kids, honey. You know, this is for these kids! And it's amazing how fast time goes. - Sh, sh, sh. - [RuPaul] All right, thank you ladies. I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. - [Man] That's a break on the main stage. All cameras repo for deliberation. (chatter) - I thrive in a leadership role. I'm learning, because I didn't freakin, oh, here we are. Hello! (greetings) - Please, please do tell 'cause I'm confused. I am so confused. - What's the t, what's going on, what had happened? - Who wants to begin? - I don't know, I'm kind of like over it, like being always like critiqued on something or someone not liking my outfit. I'm like, you know what, whatever. You know, if I'm gonna lip sync, I'm gonna lip sync. If I'm going home, well, I'm going home. If I have another day to show, you know, I have another day. I don't know if I'm gonna be able to just keep going. I'm so tired, I'm drained, and I'm just over it. - So what else? - Well, they thought that I wasn't landing the jokes and that I seemed nervous and apprehensive and I think there's a little bit of a truth to that. - I don't see anything over the top about you and I'd like to. - I appreciate the feedback, thank you. The problem was, Katya did write a lot of the stuff. I sort of just didn't have the funnier stuff because it was yours. So, you know, no excuses, but what really pisses me off is when Michelle, or, when they tell me try. It pisses me the hell off to be told that I'm not trying when other people are throwing the [bleep] opportunity away. Some people are gonna walk out on set 'cause they don't like the way they're talked to. Other people, Jasmine, packed their [bleep] bags because they don't get a chance. And then some people are like, oh well, I'm over it. Oh yes, I'm old, I've tried for seven years, but I have tried and [bleep] worked my [bleep] off to get here, but then I'm told that I'm not trying. And I get it, they want me more over the top and I can do it. There's nothing that was insulting, it was critique. - I wasn't even insulted that they didn't, like, well some of them liked my gown and some of them didn't. - Your dress is not my favorite. I think it looks a little on the cheaper side. - I was like... - It's not! - This was 5,000 dollars, girl. This is a Tony Bowl's. - 5,000 dollars, girl, if you had not told me that I would have guessed you got that off of like the clearance rack at Cache. - My dress cost me like 19 dollars, so... - This was like [bleep] four dollars a yard. - And this is free, my auntie gave me this fabric and I had to shred it up and put it on a bra. (chatter) - So what else happened? - So what else? - In a way, I do understand when they tell me, you know, I wasn't funny, I mean, next to Ginger, how the hell? - I feel bad, though, that they're sitting there and telling you that I steamrolled over you and that I shouldn't be sorry for it. - But, I mean, that's the truth. I mean, you delivered everything how it was supposed to be delivered and it was just your moment and I'm not gonna take that from you at all. - Watching you guys, it did seem like Kandy set up all of your jokes for you. - Ginger, did you ever think, maybe I'll give Kandy a funny line or two? - We met with Kathy yesterday, she gave us some suggestions and corrections and this is what we ended up with. But if you listen to the jokes, you'll realize there's punchlines for her as well. I am here to be as good as I can be and if you can't raise yourself up to that level, maybe you don't need to be here. - Katya, you're super quiet. Are you okay? - I'm fine, I'm just... - You seem very contemplative. - I'm just so disappointed because I was like really excited about this challenge and I thought I was going to do well and then, and then I was like, ugh. I wasn't nearly as funny as I hoped. I'm feeling like I have a lot to prove. I just need to [bleep] do it. - They loved everything but her hair. (laughing) - I got dragged over the coals for this flat shake and go hair. - Had you just brushed it a little bit and put a little hairspray on it, it would've been fine. - I'm not worried about it. - It really looks like you put it on and just went. Put some brush to it and put a little sheen on it. I could bet you you'd get a different look. - Violet, do you have something to say? - Yeah, you know Ru asked me if I was surprised to get nominated for shadiest queen. - Why do you think they voted you shadiest queen? - There's some truth to it. - I want you guys to know that whatever I say either comes from a place of humor or truth but I love all of you and I don't ever want to come across as like, I don't know, hateful, 'cause I'm not hateful towards anyone. I'm struggling and it's a struggle. It's a constant struggle and, you know, it shows with me a lot. - The fact of the matter is at times your vibe is very negative. And you can be very defensive and like, you are rude, like the things that you say and how you say it comes off very rude. - I get what you're saying-- - And then there was like another moment when just when we were, like getting the, well I'm not saying like, let me throw another one on you. - Well then lay it on, I mean, lay it on. - No, it's just examples so, it's not something that's being made up. - I'm gasping for air. I'm just like, [bleep], slow down. Give a [bleep] a second to get it together. I just feel like, even when I try to come back with an apology or an explanation I'm getting shot down still. Like I get it, I'm a [bleep]. You know, I'm frustrated, and this competition makes me frustrated, and it's frustrating, and I'm overwhelmed a lot of the time. Like, I've had breakdowns and I have no one to talk to because no one knows me and-- - But it doesn't come across that way. Whenever you treat people like that in the work room, and then you go on stage and pretty much anything that you do is gonna get praised. They love you, that's not your fault. I think you're beautiful. - We're not here to make friends. I'm here to impress the judges and not you guys. I have not felt friendship from anyone here besides this episode from Fame. - Oh, come on, girl. We've had a good time together. - That doesn't mean we're best friends. That doesn't mean I know you. - I didn't say we're best friends. - Leave my friend alone! (yelling over each other) - We've all been cool, like, you can't just say-- - I'm not saying we're enemies. - That's who she feels closest to, which I understand. - The only thing I will say about that is, I have two things to say. One, you have a lot of pressure because you are very good and there's a lot of pressure from people looking at what you do, okay? I do think that you have a tone. But, that pressure aside, one of the things that's apparent, you even said on the stage, these people are not my friends. If you easily dismiss us all that way, you're not gonna make a friend, okay? - Whether it's good or bad, we have to develop a relationship and the quicker we understand [bleep], if you help me, I help you, whatever whatever. - Honestly though, this is the first moment that you've shown any vulnerability at all. - Yes, indeed. (clapping) - Yay for Violet's vulnerability. - Hey baby, how are you? (gasping) - Oh my god. - This is kind of difficult because this is the longest that we've been apart in our nine years together. Which, nine years, that's a whole lot. I just want you to know that I'm so incredibly proud to be your husband. I mean, I, what else can I say without breaking down and starting to cry? I just miss you and I can't wait for you to come back home just so I can show you exactly how much I miss you. (all awwing) I love you, goober! I really do, and I miss you. So, just come home. No matter how you come home, you're coming home a winner and I just want you to always know that and take that with you, okay? I love you. - Oh my [bleep] god. (crying) I know more about your husband than I do know about you. All you do is talk about him. He is so sweet! And cute, girl, get it! - I don't show a lot of emotion. And I'm sorry for that. I've not had a very good life. Until I met that man. (crying) And he's the first person who's ever made me feel attractive and talented and funny and like a human being. And being away from the one person who grounds me? I catch myself falling into my old defense mode, and I'm sorry about that. If nothing else happens from this entire experience, it's at least made me realize that I don't want to be away from him like this again. And, I lied to the producers so I'm sorry now, but I'm not mentally stable, [bleep]. (laughing) - Who the hell in this room is? - Now I look like [bleep] Tammy Faye Bakker. (laughing) Or for you younger people, I look like Julia Stiles in Save the Last Dance. - Shut the [bleep] up. We all know who goddamn Tammy is. - Thank you everybody, five minute warning for main stage. - Can we go now? - I'm so sentimental when it comes to like, boyfriend things. (chatter) - I'm gonna be [bleep] nice from now on. - You and me both. - All right, I'll be the [bleep]. Where are my goddamn shoes? - Thank god someone! - Oh, I hate it! (crying) I just relate, I feel for her. I'm not sure, I just relate, I feel for her. Ginger has so much emotional history that's just like, traumatic and it's almost overwhelming when you hear it, hence the moment I lost my tears for her because of her husband calling in and just hearing her truth. (crying) You just feel for people, you just feel for them. - I mean it's real, emotional's real. - What the [bleep] is wrong with me? I just love you, girl. - That's what I felt last week when Kasha got her message. - I don't know why I act like a psycho, I'm sorry. Ah, god, I don't know what's wrong with me! (screams) Oh my god, I'm so happy you found love! I can't stop! - When Ms. Fame is having her meltdown, I kinda feel for her. I've been in that position where you just kind of freak out and you just go crazy. (laughs) Get your feelings out! Get your feelings out. (laughs) - Oh, god, I'm crazy, I love you. - You're crazy and I love you too. - I hate trying to [bleep] keep it together, I hate it! - Me too. - Oh! - Fame is officially off her rocker. - It's gonna happen eventually. - It's been a long time coming. - Oh, Mercedes Tyler. I'm so happy for you. - Girl, I'm gonna look like [bleep] Honey Boo Boo's mom crying, going errr. - [bleep], I am not the one. I thought I was going to be the ice queen that never cried, look at me. (chatter) - Okay ladies, two minutes, two minutes to finish your touch ups. We're going to be heading to the main stage very soon. - Right before we walk out, I'm worried. I will say I regret that I didn't just take a little bit more charge and put my own schtick in there. I don't want to lip sync. (chatter) - Ladies, we're headed to the main stage! Everyone please follow me this way please. We're headed to the main stage. - I don't wanna be on the bottom two. I'm here to win, but you know, if I'm going to have to lip sync I will give it my all, but if I have to go home, I won't be sad about it. - So I don't step on your dress, I'm a fast walker. - [RuPaul] Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Kandy Ho, Mrs. Kasha Davis, you are up for elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! (dramatic music) Kandy Ho, Shante you stay. Mrs. Kasha Davis, you're terrific. Now, call Mr. Davis and tell him mama's coming home. - He better have that boxed wine chillin. (laughing) - Sashay, away. - Love you gals! (applause) There's always time for a cocktail!- [Rupaul] Katya, Ginger, and Kennedy, yours is the winning team. You are all safe. You may leave the stage. (calm music) - [Kennedy] I am very excited to be safe because we did a wonderful job. Boom! (laughs) - [Katya] I won a challenge! (laughs) Who knew my Myrtle Gainsbourg was really gonna steal the show! (laughs) - [Ginger] I'm so glad that my team is safe at least. But honestly, I expected a little more. Whew! - [Katya] Yes, honey! - I'm going into this cocktail. - [Ginger] This little fat bitch is never wearing velvet and fur again. (laughs) I had to velcro it on. - [Kennedy] C'mon, Debra! I can sit down this week. (laughs) I gotta do this. - These [bleep] heels, oh my God. - [Kennedy] Oh feet! Don't fail me now! - [Ginger] So congratulations on your win! - Yay, congratulations, girl! - Katya. - Thank you so much. - I'm so happy for you. - I know you thought you were gonna win! Every [bleep] time I think I'm gonna win something, It's like, thanks for playing, try again next time, bitch. Don't get me wrong, I'm glad that everyone was safe, but I should have won that challenge hands down. - [Kennedy] But girl, it's good to have people that are able to step up to your level and you know what I'm saying? - Yeah, I'm looking forward to the day that happens. - [Katya] (yells) Stop, oh my God! - Well bitch, [bleep] you. - [Ginger] I'm kidding girl! (all laugh) I picked y'all for a [bleep] reason. - [Katya] And it worked! - I know it was sickening, too. That was a sickening move, bitch, and I would do it again! - We all wanna win everything every time, but we ain't gonna. - [Kennedy] Girl, let's talk about these looks. - What exactly are you giving us right now? Were you slashed in the off, off, off Broadway version of Lion King? - Lion Queen. - No bitch. After a long night of cooking... (Katya laughs) - Trey didn't like the session so he had good and mean and set me on fire. - [Katya] Oh I see. - But you know, I didn't die. I had crystallized and now I'm a glamazon bitch ready for the runway. - So what you're saying is, you had a costume and you had to make it fit the theme. - Right. (all laugh) Just like you wanted to put on that black dress. - Girl, just because I didn't want to shave my back I threw more fur on it. - Ok (laughs). - I had to represent for my people. - Which people is... - (laughs) The bears! - That's right, you technically are a bear! - Technically! - [Kennedy] Bitch. - I used to like you. You're welcome for me winning this challenge for you, bitch. (screams) - [Katya] Who do you think is lip-syncing? - [Ginger] I hope it's not Jaidynn, because I love Jaidynn-- - Why? - Because I love her, I think she did a good job, considering what we saw in the other video? (Katya burps) - Yeah, she could come out the rest. Because she was-- - Such a man, honey. - I feel like my sister is, she's trying too hard. And girl, you don't have to do all that, just relax and be yourself. - She's young. Especially as far as drag is concerned. - She's very like Valley, but you really go to Compton. - What, what did you just say? - She gives me... - Are you speaking English? - She gives me Valley, yeah, but you really go to Compton. (all laugh) - [Kennedy] Jaidynn need to get out of her own head, she is ghetto-fabulous. Somebody just needs to slap her. And how cheap did Kandy look? - Wait, she was the only one that I didn't know what the hell did she die of, bird flu? - [Kennedy] The crow ate her, bitch. - [Katya] Wait no really, how did she die? - (laughs) The crow? - Lip-syncing for her life too many times? (Katya screams) - Why in the [bleep] hell does it takes Max two and a half hours to wear no makeup? - Oh! - And you were done in under an hour and you got all that paint a bunch of rocks on your face! - I'm done, and this ho still sitting in the mirror and she ain't got a lick of makeup on. She look like Max with lipstick. (all laugh) - She said, "So what are you doing, how did your character die?" And I said I was eaten by a bear, and said, "Let me guess, yours died of old age?" (laughs) Why'd she bring a box of wigs when she only wears the damn grey one? - Bitch, I want Max to lip-sync for his life. - [Ginger] I can't wait to see what that looks like. - I really want that bitch to sing. Because she thinks she is on Easy Street. She can be so, "Oh world peace." (organ music) Bitch! - [Ginger] That ain't how she is, though! - Exactly! - Second those [bleep] cameras cut! "Oh darling, you're absolutely wonderful, "I love everything that you do." And as soon as you're ten feet across the room, "That bitch came up to me and she talked like this "and she's all (growls), I hate her!" She is the bitchiest of us all. - [Kennedy] Yeah, I don't really like, I want her to lip-sync, and I want Kandy to send her ass on home, bitch. (laughs) - [Katya] Ok Violet! (Kennedy snores) (all laugh) - [Kennedy] But girl, you know who my favorite was? Pearl. (all laugh) - You're such a bitch! - Bitch, she just wrapped a ace bandage around her waist, put something on her neck and her nose and said it's how she died, bitch. (all laugh) You die from first aid? (all laugh) - [Ginger] She never knows what she's gonna do. I don't think she expected to make it past week one, because she hasn't been prepared for a look since then. - And them drawers is loose with them pants on. She looked like she had a booboo there. (all laugh) Mama look like she done straight took a [bleep] in back of them drawers, girl. I'm sick of it, girl, I'm just sick of, I wish them judges called them out on it. - [Ginger] Have you been pleasuring yourself a lot since you've been here? - I don't like that without the good porn. - Girl, hello! - [Ginger] I didn't bring any porn, I thought I'd be able to order it on the TV, but I can't. - I thought I'd be able to bring a DVD, but they don't have no DVD player. - [Kennedy] It's a mess. - Girl, I can't even find mine. Like I go, "God I'm so...now I'm exhausted." - [Rupaul] Thank you ladies, I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. - [Producer] Break on the main stage, all cameras refocus for deliberation. - [Ginger, Katya, and Kennedy] Oh hey! - How's it going in here? - [Ginger] Great. - [Kennedy] Girl it's going. - [Pearl] Good, what's the T? - [Kandy] Well I'll be lip-syncing again. - You think so? - [Kandy] Yeah. They said that they didn't understand my look, that they didn't really see the vampire... - Oh I didn't, because I don't know how you died. - Oh I thought it was like attack of the birds! - [Kandy] Well they didn't understand it. But I think going into this runway, I kind of felt that I was going to lip-sync, so that's why I just did a... I did this. Because the song requires it, and I'm just gonna... go for it, so. - [Ginger] Well we know you can turn out a lip-sync, girl. Maxine, what happened? - I mean besides Michelle saying that, "I'm waiting for you to wear something besides grey hair." - Max, I asked you for one thing. What was it that I asked you for? - You asked me not to wear any grey hair. - I asked you just to once try something different. - Besides that, they said everything's good! And Ariana was really nice about my look and she said that I was haunting and I was like-- - [Pearl] Don't look so disappointed. - I'm not! - [Kandy] She is so sweet and genuine. - Ginger, are you upset back there? - No! No. Max keeps getting praised all over the damn place. She's doing the same exact [bleep] she's been doing from week one. - Next! - [Katya] What about you, Violet, what'd they say? - [Violet] They loved my look, they loved my corset, they thought it was crazy and sickening and awesome and cool and they just want me to be a better performer. And you know, I could have gone more like raspy and butch with the character, I don't know what I could have done! I mean I felt like we were a really well-balanced team. And they just want more from me, they want me to be like... it's almost like they want me to be something that I'm not. Pearl, can I just say, I actually am living for your look today. Like I know you don't think it's the T, but I think it's [bleep] brilliant. - I hate what I'm [bleep] wearing tonight. - [Violet] I think it's brilliant. - They love me. So they love me, they decided they love me now, so. - [Violet] Because you sold it bitch, you were selling it. - [Max] I have a question. Kennedy, why are you making faces over there? - [Kennedy] Babe I'm not making faces. - Why are you making faces? - I'm not faces, I'm just not into conversation. It's a difference. - [Pearl] Why aren't you in the conversation? - Because I agree with you. - [Pearl] Ok, cool, perfect. - [Kennedy] Max is starting some [bleep]. Pearl is right. She looks like garbage. - You definitely made sort of a stank face, so I wanted to-- - I didn't make stank face, I made the face that I was not in the conversation. - Ok, alright! - [Pearl] There's a difference, Max. - There is a difference. Because if I had something to say, I would say it, so if you don't have nothing nice to say, don't say it at all, and I don't wanna talk. So I wasn't making no face. - Ok girl, I didn't say you have to talk. - The thing is that Kennedy and myself, we were talking, and we were like, this bitch Pearl doesn't have a look, because you said you didn't have a look... for this. And we were like, "And watch the judges like what she has." And we just, we came prepared for... - [Pearl] No, no, no, it's not that I came to the show without a look ready, I had a look. And I said to sacrifice it for our [bleep] tanned challenge. I was gonna do death by tanning bed. - [Miss Fame] Rest in peace, Trixie. - [Pearl] Ok, it's not like I came here unprepared. So whatever. I had nothing here to do, so I just pulled some [bleep] out of my ass. - [Violet] And I think it's brilliant, I think you look [bleep] hilarious. - I mean I'm not saying that I'm mad that they like your look... - Well what are you saying? - [Kandy] It was just the moment that I was like-- - Ok good, you were misunderstood and now you know. - Yeah, I was misunderstood. - Cool, anyway! - But she also did sell the [bleep] out of the comedy act, because you were backstage. - [Kandy] Don't get pretty with me girl, you was messing with the wrong person. - [Miss Fame] Who? - Oh not you. - Me? - [Miss Fame] I just thought she was being funny, like looking at you makes me laugh today. - [Kandy] Pearl has a bad attitude, and that makes me very frustrated. I wouldn't [bleep] with me. If you're against me, you need to watch your back. - [Kennedy] Well what's up with you, Jaidynn, you over here there quiet, honey. What's up, honey? - Damn like nothing girl. They was on me because of like, remembering the lines or whatever and then they didn't live for my look, well it was too... Halloween-y I guess. It just kinda sucks when, when like you put your everything into a look and then they just like, "Oh that's not good enough." You know? Because I made this, it's my creation. So it's a little bit more personal if you, oh girl. - [Violet] Put the work into it, no it's so true! - I sewed this, so for them to be like, "Oh it's just a Halloween costume." - [Kennedy] But all your stuff is sickening, girl. - [Ginger] I love what you-- - [Kennedy] Everything you put on is different. - Oh! Girl, why am I so emotional over this show! Whew. I feel like I have so much to offer and I'm so passionate about this. I don't wanna go home! So I'm just like, I gotta keep it together and I gotta focus. And hope it turns out for the best for me. - Girl, does it piss you off that you serve something very different every single week and there's people who get by doing the same [bleep] and are praised for it? - [Jaidynn] Each person has they own gig, you know what I'm saying? - [Max] (laughs) Violet. - [Jaidynn] Everybody has they own gig, so and that's what you put off to the judges. - [Pearl] Ginger is trying to instigate a whole fight. I'm sorry, but you're one of the most unoriginal drag queens I have ever seen, it's like who do you think you are. - Television? - [Kandy] What is this? - [Jaidynn] Well I'll say for... - Oh my God, no more tears! No more [bleep] tears. - Oh my God. - [Voice from television] I see you! Hi Kurty! This is your mother Dolly. I am AKA Miss Fame. I just wanted to let you know how proud I am of you and from the very beginning as you came into this world you had a hard start. Barely four pounds, and everything was an obstacle that you have overcome so many years. And I can't tell you how proud I am and I know that we've faced hurdle after hurdle and at 20 years old, that very fragile age of 20 years old, you faced a disease called addiction and you took it by the horns, and you know what, nine years later, it's been over nine years that you have been a monumental... - This bitch is calling me out! - [Dolly] You have been so encouraging to me that today I choose recovery as well. And I just wanted to let you know how inspirational you are. You're a man of integrity, you're a beacon of light for so many, and I know the queens on that show are just dying because they're in the presence of an amazing human being. Anyway I just wanted to-- - Goodnight because she won't shut up! (all laugh) - [Ginger] See where you get it from! - [Dolly] Do more than do well, I can't wait to see you. I just, I know that whatever it is that you're gonna touch many of lives, you are just the beginning of some more to go, Kurty, and I'm so, so proud of you. And actually I have to go back to work. Because I still have three pussies to shave. (screams) - Yes I love my Mom! I love you! - And you know what, may all our dreams come true. Thank you and God bless you. (all laugh) - [Miss Fame] I love you so much! (all clap) - [Kandy] She's funny! - I love her so much, she's the funniest lady ever. - [Pearl] Oh my God! She talks almost as much as you do! - I know, I do that! She works at a vet office, that's what she said, "I gotta shave three more pussies." - [Pearl] I was wondering what the [bleep] she was talking about. - Bikini wax, girl! - Ok ladies, five minute warning to head back to the main stage. Five minute warning! - [Jaidynn] I'm scared that I'm gonna lip-sync because I ain't trying to lip-sync no more. Child. And I know that I got so much to accomplish here and I ain't trying to go home. - [Kandy] I feel like I'm doing my best, and for some reason, the judges are not seeing that. I've been on the bottom twice, and if I have to lip-sync three times, I may be going home. I need to be focused, but right now I am not focused. - [Jaidynn] It's just hard. It's frustrating. And it sucks when you give your best and they're still just like, they just knocked me completely out of the water. - [Ginger] We're big girls. We gotta try harder. - [Jaidynn] Oh yeah, definitely. - But I feel like you and I have been bringing it every time and we're never appreciated for it. - Yeah. - But everybody else who's a size two can come out in ripped stockings and a corset... - Yeah, and I mean-- - And are told how flawless they are. - That's the thing that hurts, you know what I'm saying? - [Max] Ginger says some things sometimes that are totally meant to-- - Bitch, oh my God! - "How do you feel because some girls have been running the same thing on the runway every..." I was like, "Who are you talking about? "Are you talking about yourself?" - I was like (chokes). - Who do you think she was talking about, though? - Ginger is like... it kinda feels like she's really trying to push it, and it's like, bitch, you look desperate. That's what it is. I just don't like people that look desperate. Ginger. She said something to me earlier about like, "You could [bleep] [bleep] out there "and they would love you." Bitch, don't discredit the [bleep] I do! - I know that's the one thing, I would never discredit what she does. - I could though! - [Pearl] Jaidynn. - Just take a second and a breath and regroup, girl. - [Pearl] Even if you gotta lip-sync, there's no way Kandy can lip-sync three times in a row, bitch, and make it. It's gonna be all good. - I want you to know, when I was saying about going out there, I was not talking about you. - Well who were you talking about? - We were talking about how fierce this was, we all sat down and said how great you looked. - I thought you were talking about me. - No, I'm talking about Max. - [Violet] Oh. Maybe that's a plan to say in the work room. Maybe that's a work room conversation (laughs). - People like you, people don't like you, and it's just something of taste. It doesn't mean that you're the worst, but they just don't like... - They're just assholes, everybody have one. They have opinions. I'm so Team Jaidynn, but Jaidynn is her own enemy. She's defeating herself. - [Kandy] If it's me and you, just know that I adore you. - [Jaidynn] Yes I live for you too. - [Kandy] You're amazing and this is not the end of us hanging together, it's just the beginning. - [Jaidynn] Yeah. (laughs) - [Kandy] So whoever goes, if we have to go, either one, just know that... - [Jaidynn] Yeah. - [Kandy] It's just the beginning of everything. - [Jaidynn] Right. - [Kandy] I'm happy. - [Jaidynn] You need some help? - [Kandy] No I'm good. - [Jaidynn] I need to get my emotions together. I need to just sit in my... I don't know why, I literally do not cry. I guess it's great for TV, I'm about to look ugly on TV, crying all the time, looking a fool. But oh well. That's what I get for making fun of Adore Delano. - [Rupaul] Welcome back, ladies. Kandy Ho, Jaidynn Diore Fierce, you are up for elimination. The time has come for you to lip-sync for your life! (calm music) Jaidynn Diore Fierce, the governor called. Shantay you stay. (cries) - Thank you so much. Thank you. - [Rupaul] Miss Ho, you came from Puerto Rico but now the whole world is gonna have a Kandy Crush. Now... sashay away. (all clap) - Oh! - [Rupaul] Condragulations, ladies. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else, can I get a amen in here? - [All] Amen! - [Rupaul] Now let the music play! - [Kandy] This whole experience made me see that I don't know it all, that other people can inspire you in so many different ways, sorry, I'm gonna cry. Um... This frigging competition is harder, or was harder than I thought. And being able to be where I am right now and not be the first or the second or the third to leave makes me very happy, and... I'm... I'm just full of happiness right now, these aren't tears of sadness, they're tears of joy. In a way I do feel that the judges got it right. I tried my best, obviously there are other girls who are more prepared in some of the other things and this wasn't my thing, I'm not an actor. But I'm very happy with everything, I'm not gonna complain, because I did what I had to do, the judges saw that. The judges saw who I am and what I can give, and it doesn't end here, this is just the beginning, and I am so happy. - I just wanted to make sure I got the chance to say goodbye. - Thank you baby. - I loved your performance. - Thank you so much, and thank you for-- - Keep killing it. - Yeah baby, you too. - You're beautiful! - You too. - [Crew Member] Goodnight. - [Crew Member] You too. - All the girls, like... they bring something special and they made me learn different things and it's nice getting to meet people from different places and hearing their background and how their life is, and it's very, it's really nice and I really enjoyed it. I really enjoyed meeting them, even the ones I didn't like in the beginning, like Violet. It's a bittersweet feeling. I'm so happy I get to go home but it's sad that I don't get to finish this. I made it almost halfway and it's like [bleep], maybe a little bit more and I could be on top. I'm gonna empty this box, you'll just jump in and I'll take you to PR. (laughs) Can I pee before we go? Bye! You've only had a taste of this candy, but soon, you'll be tasting some more. - [RuPaul] Kim Chi, Chi Chi DeVayne, you're both safe. You may leave the stage. (tense music) - [Kim Chi] I made it through Snatch Game it's the halfway point. I'm gonna keep applying myself the same way I've been doing it, and slay the competition. (tense music) - [Chi Chi] I'm feeling great. To me I rocked it out with my Madonna outfit. I'm glad I'm still here. And I still have another day that I can prove myself. (tense hip hop music) - [Kim Chi] Thank you. Oh my god did you make your bracelets out of aluminum foil? - [Chi Chi] Aluminum foil. - [Kim Chi] Oh my god I didn't even realize until now. - Y'all set? (man claps) (upbeat hip hop music) - Team Chi, we're safe. - Yay, Kim Chi Chi. - Kim Chi Chi. All right so that's your drink-- - [Chi Chi] Oh cocktails. - [Kim Chi] This is mine. - [Chi Chi] Cheers. Me. - Okay first of all can we talk about how you whipped this outfit out in like less than six hours? - Yes. - That's amazing. - Child. - Like I was so worried when you were like, "Well girl I don't have a Madonna look." I'm like, "Bitch what you gonna do?" And you (bleep) whipped this out. - I was given a challenge honey. - That's like the first time you get to showcase your unconventional like-- - [Chi Chi] I know. Me actually creating something. - Yeah. (Chi Chi grunting) - Okay, how do I go about sitting down? - I know right. (laughing) Like I can't sit like this. - [Kim Chi] Like I don't know how Betty is gonna sit down in her outfit later. - This is gonna be a challenge. So, who do you think's in the bottom? - Well definitely Naomi and Betty, for sure. - Definitely Betty and Naomi. - So if, let's say Betty and Naomi lip sync for her life, who do you think will go home? - I think that Betty, I don't know. - [Kim Chi] Also Betty's outfit today. - Oh yeah she ain't gonna be able to do (bleep) in that. - Yeah. So it's just like a double whammy. - Yeah. Oh, bitch I can't even talk. - [Kim Chi] Is it that tight? - I'm so sucked in right now. - Well now that you're safe why don't you loosen up the corset just a little bit? - Yes, I would love that. - 'Cause yeah do you need help? Come over here. - Bitch I can't even sit down. (Kim Chi laughing) I'm sorry. Ugh. - [Kim Chi] I wanna hear like what Michelle has to say about Derrick's Britney. 'Cause Michelle has asked Derrick not to do Britney again. But I mean, his Britney was pretty good. - Yeah. I understand she don't wanna make fun of Britney on national TV because Britney might see that and like-- - [Kim Chi] Don't (bleep) where you eat. - Yeah and might say, "Bitch, well you read me." You know what I mean? And his runway is, it looks good, you know, that's Derrick. He's gonna be polished, he steams his outfits, so I feel like that's why he's in the top. - I haven't heard any judge's critique since second week, and I kinda wish I'd get some sort of more feedback now. - That's what I wanted to do, I wanted to explain. - [Kim Chi] Yeah. - What I did to this outfit, you know what I mean like I made this headpiece, and I stoned all of this at six o'clock this morning. You know what I mean? [Kim Chi] I know, that's amazing. - [Chi Chi] Bitch I worked. - [Kim Chi] But now bitch like look you have a great piece to take back home. - Yeah. (Kim Chi slapping) (goofy music) - I'm not really close to Chi Chi, because there hasn't really been the right opportunity to try to get to know each other. (Chi Chi yawning) My goodness. I consider myself to be a bit of a loner. Back home, I am the one that always sits in a corner by herself, always does my makeup in complete silence. But now that I'm here, I know that it's important to connect with the other queens, and I'm workin' on it. It's crazy just having two people in here ain't it? - Right? - I know one thang, I'm hungry. - I'm hungry too. - (Bleep), I knew you'd agree with that one. - Every time I say I'm hungry everybody look at me like, "What a fat ass." But I'm like, I'm not going to be ashamed of being hungry, I am hungry. - Kim Chi, she's like me, she like to eat baby, she ain't gonna hold it back. She's hungry all the time and I love that about Kim Chi. You've eaten a lot of stuff, so I'm surprised you ain't never had no turkey neck before. - And I love turkey too, so exactly how do you cook a turkey neck? - Turkey neck, you boil that bitch, you boil it. - Oh you just like eat off the bone? - Yeah, suck the bones dry. - Oh so there's like the bone marrow? - Yeah. - Oh my god I love bone marrow. (Chi Chi laughing) It's kind of like a similar idea to like a ox tail stew. - Yes. - Oh that sounds good. - [Chi Chi] Yup, same thing. - Talking about all of this is making me so hungry. (Chi Chi laughing) - [Kim Chi] Girl. I want that turkey neck. I can't wait to see what the girls say. - [Chi Chi] I know. - Bring me back my curls. - [RuPaul] All right ladies, well I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. (shoes tapping) - [Kim Chi] How was it, tell us everything. - It seemed like we were out there for a long time. - [Kim Chi] Really? - I need to get somethin' for my boobs. This thing hurtin'. - [Kim Chi] Who's in the bottom and who's in the top? - I'm the bottom. - So what are you like, Bob, this is not a competition but you won? - No no, no one said I won, they were very very complimentary of me, and then it was weird, out of nowhere, RuPaul was like, "Who do you think should go home?" And everyone except Derrick agreed that you've been really inappropriate and should go home. - Really? - [Bob] We all said Kim Chi. - Really? - Yeah. (laughing) - We said Kim Chi Chi, Kim Chi Chi. - Those girls aren't here so get rid of 'em. - You believe anything, you will literally believe anything. - [Derrick] Really? I love it. - [Bob] Really? What? - What? - What? You said I should go home? - You said I should be in jail? - But I'm supposed to be in New York. - They loved her Michael, loved it. - They loved my Michael. - Loved it. - They're like, the way it was very casual, you were funny, Michelle was like, "Your bump." She said something about my bump. "I don't really like your hair with the bump it." I'm like, "Well I'd like to not have a bump it either." I said, "This is my real hair." And then she said, "What?" I'm like, "Yeah I have dreadlocks." - The hair was bothering me a little bit, you've got a bump it up in there. - It's my real hair, I can't. - Underneath? - [Thorgy] Underneath. - Is that bumping it up, is that what's going on? - It's all my hair. - Underneath. - Yeah I have dreadlocks down to here. - Oh my god, oh okay, so that explains trying to shove it into a wig. - Uh huh. - That explains a lot actually. Got ya. - And she's like, "Oh, now I get it, "and that actually explains a lot." - Like, oh this says everything. - Oh did she mean all that? - [Bob] I think so. (laughing) - [Robbie] What does that mean? (laughing) - And then they went to Derrick, and they really were very complimentary of her Britney, they said that she did her justice, that Britney would love it. - That was crazy. - They loved the Madonna sleeves. - If I listened to what they were saying about all the three that I think are in the bottom, I think they still gave you more praise for your character. - [Thorgy] Yes. - And more praise for your costume. - [Thorgy] Yes. I do not think you're lip syncing. - Well I mean like, we've been told over and over again just be prepared for anything. (indistinct chatter) [Derrick] But yesterday I thought you were doing that on purpose that's why I said I don't know who she is but I know Robbie did the voice. - [Naomi] Are you nervous? - Yeah I just wanna know my words. - Do you know the song though? - I learned it for this. - Same. (laughing) I was listening to it and I was like, "Okay." Well I listened to it literally right after Snatch Game. - [Betty] Oh, that's the first time you heard it? I hope not. - Yeah actually. - Oh Jesus. - I just feel embarrassed is what I feel. - Do you really why? - [Naomi] 'Cause it was like in front of Ru, it was in front of Chanel, and I just know I didn't do a good job. - Right. - And then it's gonna be in front of (bleep)ing millions of people. - [Betty] Yeah but you tried your best right? You didn't? - No, I just wasn't confident going into it, so when you're not confident going into something obviously you're not gonna do your best. - [Betty] Yeah. - I feel like a (bleep) idiot. - When I go to the end of the runway like I did, like the whole like-- - [Thorgy] Oh you went down, you prayed. - [Bob] You did the sun salutation. - You know, I did the whole thing. - And you know it is what your runway presentation. So, your act helps. (laughing) - [Bob] Kim Chi you have fallen more than any drag queen in Drag Race history bitch. - [Thorgy] And I like that she can't catch herself with her fingers 'cause she's like, "My nails." Like she breaks a knee, she's like, "Oh did I lose a nail though?" - [Kim Chi] Oh, message from home. - [Robbie] I hope it's Trixie Mattel. - [Kim Chi] Oh my god. - [Director] Elizabeth, Naomi. - [Bob] Elizabeth. - [Director] All right, hit it please. - [Kim Chi] Do I get another message? - Hi Acid, it's your sister Becky. - [Acid] Oh (bleep) that's my sister. - Just wanted to tell you how proud of you I am how much I love and adore you, how much mom and Bubby would be so proud of you. (somber music) You've just come such a long way from blowing up the garage and creating crazy Halloween experiences and shows and making weird figures and latex creations out of your room. I always knew that you were a unique and special talent-- - [Betty] That's my art on the wall. - I am so happy to see that the world is gonna get to know you like I know you. And it's just crazy, and you used to tell me all the time that I would always be your star, and you had no idea that you've always been my star, and I'm just so happy to see you shine. And I'm not gonna get emotional, because I'm not crying on television. But, I'm missing you, I'm used to talking to you every single day and I'm having major Acid withdrawal. Don't let any of those bitches get to you, don't turn into a bitter Betty. - [Acid] Too late. - We don't like that, it's only cute in the photos. And just know that I can't wait 'till you're back, and to see all the T on TV. And I love you and I miss you and (muah) win this damn thing. - [Robbie] What a sweetheart. - [Bob] You also look-- - [Thorgy] You look so similar. Just like siblings. - [Robbie] I love that she just kind of read you. - [Betty] 'Cause she knows. - 'Cause she was like "Don't get bitter Betty, "I miss my Acid." I'm like. - I can not get over how much you guys look alike, it was crazy. - [Derrick] Yeah it's amazing. - Yeah we didn't look the same until now. - [Bob] Until you lost the weight. - 'Cause I was fat, right. 'Cause I was fat and round and she was really skinny. - Well oddly not much has changed. - I know, right? - And she calls me the fatty. - Well. - [Bob] What does she do? - She works with me. - Oh, as a graphic designer too? - We work together. - No she does my, - Runs the business? 'cause I'm a (bleep) and I can't stand people. - She does the business side. - So she does the business side, she takes the phone calls. To be honest, me and my sister, we weren't very close. And then when my mother passed away, and my father went, I think that me and my sister realized that we only have each other. And so that's basically our family, is me and my sister, that's it. (indistinct chatter) - [Derrick] Oh what was the first challenge? - The redo of the old challenges. - I like it with the slippers and the flip flops. - Right, imagine if we went out there like this? - I can, I just did. - Do do do do do. - The heels are wheels. You're like heels or slippers? - I choose wheels. - You should. - [Naomi] Imagine this in wheels. That would be a nightmare. - Well that's practically what you were wearing in wheels. Like long, chiffon train. - Yeah. - [Robbie] Yes. - You know I have one more robe, I have two more robes. - I would start rethinking. - [Naomi] I know. - Like honestly. - I know. - A lot of your silhouettes have been the same. - You think? - Bras, panties. You've been two pieced almost the entire season so far. Literally. (queens shouting) - Yay! - Thank you, ah. [Bob] Naomi's supermodel idols walk in the room. - Oh my god. - Oh my god, she's (beep) freak out. [Chi Chi] If you guys didn't know, this is you guys's biggest fan right here. - [Robbie] She's obsessed, say hi Naomi. - Double hug her, both of you hug her at the same time. Just grab her, ah! - Chanel Iman, and Gigi Hadid who I've looked up to since I was in sixth grade. I can not believe they're right in front of me. - You two really do kinda look alike. - [Voiceover] They're killing it right now. - I mean I said that she reminded me of me when she was doing the catwalk. She was giving it. - [Derrick] Wow. - [Robbie] Yes. - [Gigi] Can we sit? - Join us. - We're sisters. - [Derrick] You guys really have like the same body. - True story, true story, when they announced that you guys were going to be the judges, she almost cried. - We'll be joined by this week's extra gorgeous guest judges. Chanel Iman and Gigi Hadid. - Shut up. - [Kim Chi] Chanel Iman? - It's an all supermodel edition of Snatch Game. - Oh my god. - Like she was freaking out, not just like-- - [Naomi] You're making me sound like such a stalker right now. - [Robbie] No, honey, no. - [Voiceover] I'll come back with the PA-- - Five minute warning for main stage. - [Al] Aw. - [Chanel] Bye. - [Bob] Naomi, just switch clothes and then. - Oh I know. - Can you imagine you have to lip sync for your life? - And then he's sitting on the panel. - It was nice meeting y'all. - [Chanel] Nice to meet you guys. - Bye, thank you! - [Bob] By girl. - [Kim Chi] I hope you win. - [Chanel] I hope you win, I hope all of you win and come to my house after. - Oh, after party. - [Voiceover] On the TV! - [Derrick] Britney's coming. (suspenseful music) - Oh (beep). I'm really nervous because I'm definitely on the bottom from Snatch Game. It wasn't even funny. At all. So I'm praying that I just get by. (suspenseful music) - [Naomi] I am a performer, and I love performing. I command the stage. But, I did poorly in Snatch Game. And, I didn't stand out on the runway. So, I'm freaking out. - [Voiceover] I'm defending that kind of a big lift. - Queens back out on the main stage, everyone head this way we're heading down to main stage. - [Voiceover] Okay, all right I got it I got it. - [Voiceover] I'm coming John. - Thank you, thank you. (tense music) - [RuPaul] Acid Betty, Naomi Smalls, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. (tense music) Ladies, I've made my decision. Naomi Smalls, shante you stay. Acid Betty, sashay away. (somber music) - [Betty] Acid Betty out. (somber music) - [RuPaul] My seven rays of light, you live to die another day. But remember, if you can't love yourself, how the hell you gonna love somebody else, can I get an amen here?- [RuPaul] All right. Like chicken wings. The crowd ate you up. Robbie Turner, con-drag-ulations. You are the winner of this week's challenge. (applause) The three of you may leave the stage. - [Kim] Oh my god. (funky electronic music) - [Robbie] Finally, I'm winning, right where I need to be. After being on the bottom, this is such a sweet victory. Thank you Josh. - I'm so happy for Robbie, and he really needed to win this challenge, but I want to (beep) win a challenge. I'm so sick of being safe, and there's not much more time left to make a lasting impression. (upbeat synthesizer music) - And cut. (claps hands) - Oh my god, I can't contain my excitement. - Congratulations on your new wardrobe! You needed it. Just kidding. - I know. What a bitch, I loved it. I actually loved that. I was like, you bitch, but okay. - I'm just kidding. - Debbie (beep) Harry. - I know. - She's like, "You're fantastic, darling." I was like, I can't right now. You know what? Let's just, let's be real for a second. We deserved it. Let's call a duck a duck. There it is. - (Beep) a duck. - But I mean, we were confident with each other. - And we had a really strong concept. - We had a very strong concept. And we work well together. - Yeah, I think that's what was most important. - Naomi, why don't you sit like you're selling something? - Because I'm tucked. I'm taped. - Yeah, sell something to me. I'll hold your drink. Don't sell your drink. - What do you want me to sell you? - I want you to sit like you're a nasty little ho bag. - Oh. - Uch, oh. What do you think I was telling? Ah! Oh my god, no, too much. - I can see your balls. - Too much. (laughing) - Girl, I just saw your halo. (laughing) - Why did you call it a halo? - Her halo? - Slash the funniest thing I've heard since I've been here. - Who do you think's the most nervous up there right now? - They all should be, I'm just kidding. I think Chi Chi looked nervous, Derrick looked nervous, but Thorgy always looks nervous, so it's hard to say. - Thorgy should never be nervous. - Thorgy shouldn't be nervous. They were fine. - No, Thorgy could be in the top, and she's like, I'm going home. And I'm like, you're in the top, girl. I don't know. She always doubts herself for no reason. - Yeah. - I'm like, girl, you have nothing to worry about. Although I'm not gonna lie, I did not like her hair. - Thorgy's? - It didn't, yeah. She was going for like. - On the runway? - Mmhm. She was going for a '60s go-go thing and then she, but it was like really bad. It looked busted, 'cause the curls were. - [Robbie] Fried and frazzled, yeah. - Kim Chi, the bitch of the season. - I'm not a bitch. I keep it real. - Yeah, 100. - Why are you talking? - Why are you talking? - Hi guys. - Oh my goodness. - Oh my god. (gasp) - I had a poster of Debbie Harry hanging on my wall my entire high school and junior high career. I think my family actually thought I might be straight because of this poster. And she's just cool and sleek. I love her. - Do you need a cocktail? Do you need anything? - No, just wanted to say happy birthday. - Oh my god, oh my god, thank you. You just made my whole life. Thank you so much. - You were wonderful, you all were wonderful. - We had such a good time. - Can I have a handshake, just so I can say that I've touched you? (laughing) - [Robbie] A handshake. - Oh my god, she's. - Can I sit on your costume? - Oh, you can sit on anything you want. You can sit on my face. - Oh, darling! - [Robbie] Well, too real. - Oh my god! - Are you guys having a good time? - Yes. - That's what we care about. - I am an enthusiastic follower of your show. - [Kim] Oh good, would you like to sit? - I have watched every single episode. - Wow. - Who wrote the lyrics on the bill? - We actually, it was so equal. - You know, in song writing, the opening line is key, and you guys had the best opening line. - [Robbie] Thank you. - We've got a bone to pick with you. - Which was great. - You just set it all up. It made me think of a lot of my friends, especially when you started kicking. - Yeah, last week I broke one of the lights, but so, yeah. - Pardon me, Debbie. - Yes. Chris, we're ready for you guys on set. - All right. - Thank you very much. - Thank you guys so much for coming by. - A very happy birthday. - [Robbie] Thank you. - Really, good luck, you guys. Don't (beep) it up. - We're trying. - Your titties look great. - Oh, thanks. - [Robbie] That's exactly why they're out. Thank you guys so much. - All right. (smooching) - Oh my god! - I can't believe that just happened. - She's so, oh my god. - Do you think any girls are crying onstage right now? - I hope so. (laughing) - I gotta put a jacket on. It's freezing in here. - On your way back, could you pick up my drink? - On your way back, could you tuck? - Thank you, ladies. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. (laidback electronic music) - [Robbie] Hey, girls! - [Derrick] Hi, ladies. [Kim] Tell us everything. How did it go? - You guys have been gone forever. - [Kim] For hours. - [Robbie] What the hell has happened? - [Naomi] What's the tea? - Yeah, who's in the bottom? - You are? What'd they say about you? - Um, basically, I'm hard to work with and-- - [Robbie] What? Chi Chi was the one that opened that conversation up. - And which I really did. - All of a sudden, I said something, and she disagreed, and-- - I just disagreed with the outfits. - And then it turned into a big ol' thing. - I didn't think that the outfits were. - I thought it interesting that he said that you should put that out there but if RuPaul asked you, do they want you to lie to her? - But she wasn't asked, that's the thing. I was talking, and it was during my critiques that he just started talking. - If I would've just kept my mouth shut, everything would've been all right. - It was probably the most intense mainstage critique of the season so far. - In terms of the outfits in your group, were you in charge of that? - It was a group challenge, so we really participated with everything when it-- - Well, Chi Chi's shaking her head. - The thing Thorgy had on her head, that's what I wanted to wear as the actual costume. - Is this the first you all are hearing any dissension from Chi Chi? - The fact that you felt so strongly to interrupt what I was saying, and say no, but you didn't do that in the work room. And it was like, well, you never really spoke up like that in the workroom. - Well, she did but she-- - I did. (ominous music) I actually did say that. - No, well, you disagreed before you guys decided. - I did, and I let them know that I just didn't want to look pretty. I wanted to think outside the box. - I thought we compromised on headpieces. Apparently, it wasn't enough. - I just disagreed with the outfits. I mean, nothing more, nothing less. You know what I mean? - Yeah, no no totally totally. It's not that crucial. I just (beep) up and spoke up when I should've just kept my (beep) mouth shut. - Or just waited till your turn. Everyone gets a turn. (ominous music) - I think you guys should slug it out right now. I got boxing gloves in the back. - Yeah, you do not want to see that. (laughing) - Did they have anything to say about your guys's runway looks? - They loved my performance, but they just hate my outfit. - And we didn't even think about the boots, bitch. - I wore these for the dance challenge, the onstage performance before this, and I'm wearing them now. - Tyra Sanchez came here with three pairs of shoes, bitch. But you would never know. - Although I do love when Michelle went off and gave you that big speech. That was so wonderful. It actually moved me. - I'm a cheap queen. I don't have any money. I don't have the expenses to pay for something like this. - Hold on. You don't need money, girl. There are thrift stores, there are crafting. There are many a queen that I have seen that have got not a pot to pee in. That's never an excuse. - There are sewing machines back there, and there's lots of fabric. And you know if you join a sisterhood, you know people will let you borrow stuff, you know. - Borrow a corset if you don't have one. I'm sure a sister will lend you one. Listen to what people are saying. We're not saying you suck. You are on this show. You know how hard it is to get on this show? - Hard. - She saw the magic in you. I see the magic in you. Nourish that magic. Let people help. That's how we learn about ourselves, Chi Chi. That's how we grow as humans, and as entertainers and performers. Give more love to yourself. Allow yourself to grow. - Bitch, be more humble. If you don't think you have something, ask for it. You know what I mean? - Do you think you've actually learned that lesson now? - Hell yeah. - This is life-changing for me. I'm learning a lot. And going forward, I'm definitely gonna just take all of these critiques and apply 'em to me. (chattering) - All right, ladies. We have a little treat, so. - We have a treat? - If everybody could come over here. (laughing) - Get ready, Betty. It's a message from Trixie. - I can't. Is it another ugly makeup girl? I can't. - She wants to tell you how much she loves your makeup. - You bitch. (laughing) - Stick it in. - [Voiceover] All right, guys, here we go. Hit it, please. - Hi, Chi Chi. - My mommy! - This is your mother. I'm just wishing you well. As you were growing up, I remember your grandmother always told me that you were different, and that you were special, and God had really blessed you with many talents, that I didn't know what I had on my hands. - Oh. - So now I see what she means. Chi Chi, I want you to go out there, girl, and I want you to get it. (cheering and applause) We're very proud of you. I'm very proud of you. Your family's very proud of you. We love you and we miss you. Go ahead and win that money, girl! - [Robbie] That's so sweet. - [Derrick] She is so beautiful. - She's lovely, your mom. Honey, what are you thinking? - [Kim] Wait, don't cry. Don't ruin the eyeliner. - Oh, y'all just don't know. Y'all just don't know. I mean. Oh my god. (sad ambient music) My mom is my best friend. I can't explain it, y'all. I just can't explain it. - That's incredible, the connection you have. - My relationship with my mom is amazing. We look just alike, we act just alike. She's my best friend. She worked really, really, really hard to provide for her three kids, and my mom is my biggest inspiration. Where I come from, nobody makes it, you know what I mean? Basically, for it to just all end now, it would feel like I'm going back home to nothing. I'm working two jobs, and there's no payoff. Nobody wants to live that life. - Honestly, Chi Chi, whether you win this prize or not, RuPaul has laid her (beep) long skinny black man hands on you, and your life has changed. - Forever. - From here until the end of time. - You've already made it, though. - Chi Chi, you made it here. You have to understand that you made it. - [Robbie] You left your city. - You (beep) won something already, you know what I mean? We all really, it sounds so cheesy to say, we really have won something by being here. - Y'all, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. - Don't be sorry, never be sorry. - No, it's okay, no. Give me a hug. - I know it's a lot of stress. - I'm stressed out. - I know. - I'm really stressed out. - We're all in this together and it's hell. She's really gorgeous, though. - That hair, bleach twins. - I'm gonna fix my face. Sorry. - Do it. - We love you, Chich. - Love you, too. - There's only one person in her life that actually has her back, and it's her mom. - Wow, I love moms. (sniffing) (beep) (chattering) - Wow. - Are you stressing? - Hm? - Are you stressing? 'Cause I'd be shocked if you were about to. I was like, if you start dancing, you have beads and (beep) rhinestones and these falling all over the place, girl. - I'm feeling pretty confident, but the biggest problem here at this competition is yourself. You get in your head, and you are your biggest, worst enemy. - [Bob] Just remember that it's about embodying the song. People forget that. Everyone's like, well, it's about doing this, or it's about doing this, about who can do the most bibbity bobbity boo. - It's about singing the song. - It's about, and really embodying the song. - Just remember, pull out every stop. - How well do you know the words? - I don't. - You don't? - Is this gonna be applause part two? - Huh? No, 'cause I'm not gonna be in the bottom again. - Shade! (sniffing) - My money's still on you, Chi Chi, so don't let me down. (laughing) Do you need something from me? Do you want me to get something? - I need a brush. - All right, let me try to find a brush. Yeah, I'll try to find a brush for you. - Smooth this hair back down. If I could just stop crying. If I could just get out of my feelings, I'll be all right. - Do it. (sigh) Do you need any help with anything? - Mama, will this work? It has those brushes. - Yeah, it's fine. Try and account for this. - Don't look too good. It's still a competition. - I can do your back. - Well, bitch, if you have to lip sync, we all know what's gonna happen. So don't even stress. - I'm a bit shaken up at this point, but I'mma push through and just work it out. (sigh) Bitch, all I can do is just. (sigh) - I see her coming back, all right. I see her coming back. - Girl. What y'all over there talking about? - Yeah, go away. Let me practice my lip sync. - I'm sorry, y'all. - No, you're fine. - And you should be. I'm just kidding, you're fine, girl. - Everyone, five-minute warning. Five-minute warning from mainstage. - Gosh. - I can't believe you're learning this, Thorgy. - It could be me. - No. - You don't think so? - You're a cuckoo bird. - I know. I know I'm kinda crazy. - You won. You were the leader of the group. They told you you were amazing, you're the top, and you're learning the lip sync. - Yeah but then they're like. - Oh yeah, yeah, but what? (laughing) - They didn't really like my outfit. - Ugh, those voices in your head. - It never stops. It never stops. - Wow, oh. If I could touch my ears, I would plug them. (laughing) I can't. - Chi Chi, what's your strategy if you're in the bottom two? - Dance my ass off. (laughing) Lip sync the song to death. - She'll do death drops. Call me, boom. (laughing) - Oh my god, that's a split. - I'm definitely a lip sync artist. I take the time to listen to the song and try to embody what the song is about. And you ain't gonna beat me in that category. - I'm feeling good, but as a team, we were full of drama. And then Michelle didn't really like my costume. I mean, I thought I committed to my character, and I was shaking my ass and acting all '80s, so. I don't know. - Okay, ladies, it's time to come back to the mainstage. - Let's do it. - You have your shoes? (chattering) - [RuPaul] Two queens stand before me. This is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. (anxious electronic music) Chi Chi Devayne. Shante, you stay. Naysha Lopez, your beauty and your booty did double duty this season. Now sashay away. (clapping) Bye! - [RuPaul] Con-drag-ulations, ladies, and remember, if you can't love yourself, how the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen in here? - [Voiceover] Amen. - [RuPaul] All right now, let the music play. (upbeat electronic music) (sad ambient music) - Being eliminated a second time, I thought maybe it was gonna be harder, because I'm like, oh my god, I'm given this chance, and I blew it. But you know what? I'm not feeling like that at all. I served it on the runway. None of those bitches had anything on my neon couture. Not one of them. - Yes. - I know that I could walk away from this experience with my head held up high, and be completely gracious and appreciative of the opportunity that I'm given. This is definitely a unique situation, but I'm not upset, I'm not mad. This is a second opportunity that I was given and I made the best of it. And I know that I can walk away from this knowing that I gave 110%. (sad electronic music) I got given a second chance, and not everyone gets that. And I'm really happy that I did. This time, it's not as hard. The first time, I felt like I didn't do (beep). I didn't do anything. This time, I felt like I made more of a lasting impression. So I feel better. I am going to write Chi Chi a letter. Just give her a little bit of sisterly advice. (upbeat piano chords) Dear Chi Chi, no excuses, babe. You are talented and here for a reason. Don't be afraid to ask your sisters for help. Here's something from me to you. Now go ahead and turn the party. So I have this cute little swimsuit. It's just like a cute newspaper print, and I've never worn it before. I'm just gonna leave this for her so she could use it. I know it has a good stretch, so I know it's gonna fit her, since I'm so petite. And then I'm gonna leave her this jumpsuit so she can use it and do the best drag with it, pair it with something, 'cause she sews and stuff. and she's creative, so. I'm gonna leave this for her, and hopefully it makes her feel better and just more confident. (upbeat piano chords) So I got a second chance, and I got to come and share two more weeks with the girls, and I think I've left my mark. Ru's not gonna forget me, the girls won't, and America for sure isn't going to. - [RuPaul] I've made some decisions. Nina Bo' Nina Brown Earl Jones. Valentina. You ladies are safe. You may leave the stage. [hip hop tune] [Nina] I'm safe and... I don't know. A little part of me thought that I probably would've been in the top. I thought I was funny. But maybe I took it too far. Maybe some of the jokes hurt a little bit, I don't know. But I am a little shocked that I'm not like in the top. [Valentina] I feel as of right now, I'm at a point where I'm just doing good enough, and that is not great. I need to be exceptional, I need to be excelling. I need to show the world that I'm a star. And a star is not safe, a star shines like no other. I'm lucky that I'm safe but I still got to win the next challenge. - Clap slate! Three. Two. One. [Director] Watch them walk in. [sighs] - Well girl. - Time for a cocktail! - Well, you know I don't drink. I'm an old lady. So I'm gonna have me a cranberry juice, honey. - Cheers, babe. - Cheers! Girl we made it. - Let's take a seat on this 204 Event Sofa! - Come on, honey! Oh! Whew! Well, how do you feel? - I feel slightly disappointed in myself. But slightly glad to be safe. - How do you think you did on a scale from one to ten? - I think I was at a solid eight. [Nina] Okay. [Valentina] Like a strong eight. - I thought I did pretty good but um, I'm mad because I missed a lot of jokes, girl. [Valentina] Mm-hmm. [Nina] Like I wanted to say, "RuPaul, you know sitting in-between Tamar and Michelle makes you look more like a woman." And I forgot to say that I'm like ugh! [Valentina] Well I think- I think when you're in that moment... - Mm-hmm. - ...and the pressure is on... - This is getting me tipsy, honey, cranberry. - ...things just you know, like, like for my read for Trinity. I was supposed to call her a grumpy stripper. [Nina] Right and you said ugly stripper. - I said ugly stripper! [chuckles] - They say the truth will set you free! [chuckles] Are you free? But girl, I know, we know you don't mean that at all from the heart, you know. [Valentina] Yeah. - Just like, you know when I said to Alexis, it's not because I felt that way it was because I couldn't think of any other reads. 'Cause her drag is good, so I was just like, "You're body's like a BMW, body made wrong." And then like she got really offended by it, you know, which I'm like, I didn't mean it, you know. - And me talking about how broad her shoulders are didn't necessarily click in my mind as something that would make her feel... [Nina] Her offended, right. [Valentina] ...offended! [Valentina] 'Cause you know, we're all men. - Right, we're broad. - We all got some big ass shoulders in this room. [Nina] Right. -Nobody here is like- [condescending giggle] [Nina] Right. [Valentina] You know? Like I got some big ass shoulders. [Nina] Yeah. - So that's where I was coming from with it. But she was very hurt. She has like a lot of issues with her body and any comments negatively. - Right. - Really effect her because she's not at a place where she has a sense of humor about it. - She seems so confident though, like she really does. [Valentina] Yeah. - Well speaking of Alexis, how do you think she did tonight? - Oh... I definitely do see Alexis being in the bottom and I just don't see, specifically, who else could be in the bottom. - If you had to choose somebody to be the winner tonight. Who? - I mean frankly, I don't give a damn, I would choose myself. [chuckles] - I choose me! I'm gonna sound bitter, and I'm totally at peace with it. You know, if Shea wins tonight. I'm being a little bitter because I'm like girl, honey, like what am I gonna do? Like what else can I win? Like I'm sure a singing challenge is coming up soon and you can sing, girl. Like so I'm quite sure that's gon' be yours, bitch. - I love to sing, I'm not a singer, but I love to sing. - No, girl. You sing, girl. That's gon' be yours 'cause you have a pretty voice. - Do you sing? - I try, you know, they say I sound like Beyoncé with a little bit of Luther Vandross. [laughter] [RuPaul] Thank you, ladies. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. - Yesterday, did you paint on a mustache? I could've sworn I saw you with a mustache yesterday, girl. In the work room! - Bitch, that was my lip liner! [chuckles] [Valentina] You are so rude! [Nina] Sue me. [Valentina] This- [chuckles] [Offscreen] My favorite part of doing the show. - Hey, girlies! - Woo-wee! - I need a drink after that read, honey. [Nina] We were not talking about y'all. [Offscreen] I'm so sure! [Valentina] Ladies, I'm cold. I'm gonna go get a robe, I'll be right back. [Valentina] Save my spot. [Shea] Oh me too! [Trinity] Well you can have the help bring our robes to us. [Shea] Uh, bitch! [Offscreen] Not the help! [Trinity] Ellen! [Shea] Snatch you bald, bitch! [Sasha] Guess we'll wait on our conversation. [Trinity] Ellen. [Ellen] What? [Trinity] Thank you so much. [Ellen] I heard that. [Trinity] What? I wasn't talking about you. [Ellen] Uh-huh, I don't know who's this is. [Nina] Mine is the clear one. Oh! [Alexis] Um, I'll just start by saying, I love your look today, Sasha. [Sasha] Thank you. - It's actually one of my favorite looks you've done so far. - Thank you, I feel like it is so- A: We all know that I'm trying to do different things in drag then we've seen before and I think it accomplishes that. But to me, also it's very graphic. Like the hat is- [Peppermint] It's also drag, like- [Peppermint] You know what? It's also- [Sasha] Geometric. - It's also Grace Jones. -Thank you. -Yeah, very. - It is so Grace Jones! - It's okay to be white Grace Jones. - Thank you! This is my only hope in life was to be like Grace Jones. - I want to say, before anybody; I really think, congratulations to Peppermint. -Yeah. -Yeah, yeah. [Trinity] I really think you won. [Alexis] I think it's yours. - You know, the funny thing was, Ru and Ross said themselves, "Go all the way, go all the way, we can take it, go like super hard." -Yeah! -No holds barred. And I realized pretty quickly into this that Tamar was not having it. - Yeah! [Shea] Well I feel like because the jokes on Tamar's behalf weren't that clever. Everyone was basically like, "You're a second rate Toni Braxton. You're Toni Braxton's annoying younger sister. You're the less famous version of Toni." She's just like, "That's all you can say you dumb hoes?" - Oh I just sucked at this, fuck! [Alexis] I got some harsh truths from the judges today. And I own every single one of them except her's. She was like, "What's with the green?" Girl, it's talked about every season! There's a reference and a joke to the fact that Michelle doesn't care for green every season. [Sasha] Yeah. - I think it wasnt clear enough because you are, you're resembling like Elphaba and the Wicked Witch so much. That I think maybe if that joke would've been there and then flipped it around to Michelle, then there could've been that ah-ha you know, moment. - When Alexis Michelle looked at them and said- I looked at Tamar and said, "Do you watch the show?" [laughter] I was like- [frightened screams] - Tamar's like, "You trying to start something?!" [Alexis] Her face cracked, her face cracked. - She did crack. - Well that was my intention 'cause she cracked mine. [laughter] [Offscreen] Yeah girl, you really did well. - Congratulations, babe you look like a fucking drag angel. - So the three of us were probably the top ladies. -For sure. -Probably! -For sure. -They ripped us to shreds. - And Trinity, Farrah, and I are clearly the bottom. [Sasha] And they went in. [Farrah] The sloppy bottom. - They said to each and every one of you, they said, "You did not tell a funny joke." [Alexis] Which, frankly, I don't think was fair. I own what I did, my cards were out of order at the start. [Shea] Mm-hmm. [Alexis] And it really threw me. And I was uncomfortable for a lot of it. But I don't think that it was fair to say that there was not one successful joke. - I mean, I get it, it wasn't the best. I knew off the bat, after I heard hers and yours, that I wasn't gonna win. I knew I wasn't gonna even be in the top three, probably. But I thought, at least, I was gonna be safe! This, tonight, is an exact example of this damn competition. Like, you can be sickening one week and like completely in the bottom the next week. It's like a fuckin' rollercoaster. - And they throw curveballs and it's just like girl, I don't play sports so sometimes you don't know how to hit that bat. [Alexis] Speaking of the bottom, I'm gonna listen to some music. - Yeah I'm gonna join you in a second after I talk about me being a sloppy bottom this week. I had such a really hard fucking time with this. I had a hard time reading you guys. And then when they said we had to read these judges, I was like, "Oh fuck." Saying it by myself, it was easy for me to make them funny with my personality. But having to actually stand there in front of them and say it, I did not have the balls. I didn't have the balls, I can admit that, I accept all the responsibility. Some of my cards were missing, I think in my frantic hurry, I didn't grab all of them out of my touch up bag. But I'm not gonna say that on the runway because I feel like in this competition, there is no excuses. Everyone else, everyone else managed to get their cards together. Like, I'm not gonna sit there and be like, "Oh my God, like I'm missing a couple of cards." Like no, bitch, you're on RuPaul's Drag Race, you shouldn't forget a fucking card in your bag. So I'm just kind of like accepting the responsibility and the fact that I'm gonna be lip syncing tonight. And regardless of what happens, I'm not going down without a fucking fight. And Dolly Parton's my bitch and I'm gonna slay this, so. - Honestly, based on the critiques that we heard, it's going to be Elphaba versus Glenda tonight. [gasps] [Offscreen] That's a good analogy! - Let's just face the motherfucking facts. [Trinity] But whoever it's gonna be, it's gonna be. And if it is me, then I'm going to lip sync for the death, just like I know you two are going to do. And it's at that point in the competition, that you know, we're all fierce so. [Offscreen] It's like, it's crazy 'cause it's getting so small. - All I could think of is this, I really, secretly hope that next week for Untucked, just one safe girl comes back here and drinks by herself. [chuckles] While everyone gets critiqued! [laughter] [hip hop tune] [Offscreen] Nina, girl you had like a shaky voice going on! I couldn't tell if it was the old lady or your nerves, girl. I was like, "Oh my gosh." - Nina, how do you, you look perfect now with the robe. The outfit is now complete. - Right, now I'm complete, girl. Now I can go to sleep. - They want to hear a little bit about what you thought about yourself and your experience. [Sasha] Yeah, I do. - I'm sure they had a lot to say about what they think about how I did. So I really don't want to get into it. - Girl, they didn't mention you. - What do you mean? - No I don't want to mention it. - You don't want us to mention you? - No, I mean, I just already know that some girls here think, "Oh she's not original. Oh she's not being funny. She's- she's she's." - Nina, shut the fuck up right now. [Nina] No, hold on! [Shea] No, no, no, no. [Peppermint] I don't think any of us thought that... about your performance tonight? - No, let me finish. 'Cause some girls are saying, "Oh she's unoriginal, she's using jokes that-" - Who is saying that, Nina? Who are you hearing that from? - You. - What, bitch, no I never said that. So when did I say- Actually, if we want to get down to it. When did I say that? - You said it more than once. - This is where the problem comes with you, Nina. [Shea] I wasn't even trying to throw any of that your way. If I have something to say about you, Nina, I say it to you. You know I love you and you know I keep it real. Because I don't play those games with you. And I don't appreciate you sitting over there and saying that I'm trying to do that kind of shit to you. Because I don't do that, I do not do that. So if that's how you see me, girl, then okay. You know what? I'm Shea, whatever, I'm saying this and that, and I'm one of those girls, I'm some girls, and I'm saying this about you. But I've always looked out for you, I've always built you up. So it actually really hurts my feelings that you are sitting over there right now, and trying to paint this picture like I'm this girl trying to come for you out the cut. And say things, you know, like under my breath, like trying to, you know, paint this picture of you. Because that's not who I am and I've never done that. [Nina] Well let me, you know, get my words in please. [Nina] Because. [Shea] Go ahead, girl. [Nina] Thank you. Because it may not have been about me but it's- There seemed like some people were saying like, you know certain girls. - Don't think that by "Some girls" they're saying, "Nina." What that is right there is paranoia. - You know, I guess my thing is, like, I'm here to impress RuPaul and the judges, so fuck what y'all think honey, I think I did okay. - I know, but it is kind of rude to be like, "Well I'm not here to impress you." [Nick] Ladies! Five minutes! Five minutes to main stage. [Offscreen] Five minutes! [morose music] [Alexis] Today was not my day. I'm not feeling safe right now. So I have to show these judges what I can do. I have to show them that I'm a natural born performer and that I belong here. And that there's no option to send me home. This can't be the day, I have to keep going in this competition. I'm going all the way. [music continues] [Farrah] I'm sure I'm lip syncing this week. I fell flat and I didn't deliver and I'm trying really hard not to get down on myself about my position in this completion. I still haven't won a challenge. I've never even been in the top. And I'm constantly in the bottom. So I'm not very confident going into this. But I want to make it to the end of this competition so I'm just gonna do the damn thing! I'm just gonna give it my all and slay the house. [muted lip syncing] [Nick] All right, ladies! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Time to go to the main stage. [Offscreen] Sounds like a circus caller. Step right up, step right up! [Nick] All right, ladies we are ready walk! Ready to walk! Ready to walk! - Yes sir! [muted lip syncing] [Nick] Get ready group we are heading out, heading out. [tense music] [Stage crew] Sasha. [Nick] Queens walking! - Oh I'm coming, I'm sorry. When I get angry, my nose sweats. [Offscreen] Is that for Ellen? [RuPaul] Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Farrah. Alexis Michelle. I'm sorry, ladies but you are up for elimination. Ladies. This is your last chance. To impress me. And save yourself... From elimination! The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! [tense music continues] [RuPaul] Ladies, I've made my decision. Alexis Michelle, shantay you stay. Farrah Moan you're a beautiful queen with a big future. Shine on showgirl! Now, sashay away. Thank you guys so much. [Offscreen] Love you. [Farrah] See y'all in Vegas! [melancholy music] [RuPaul] My queens, con-drag-ulations. And remember, if you can't love yourself how in the hell you gon' love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here! [all] Amen! [RuPaul] All right, now let the music play! [melancholy music] [Farrah] I don't think it was my time to go but I'm proud of myself for making it this far. I wanted to prove to myself that I could do it. And I am so proud of myself for never letting go of my dream and always pushing for it no matter what and making my dream a reality. I feel like I really showed myself that I'm capable of anything that I want to do. And all I got to do is push for it and I can do it. [music continues] I think the main thing I learned about myself is that... [giggles] ...I'm a little awkward and uh, I'm a little more timid than I thought I was. And um, I thought I was really sure of myself but I think I got a lot more to learn about me. You know what? I think I'm gonna keep this face on. This mug is beat! I'm feeling on fleek. I'll be the first queen to keep it on. Hmm. So this is what it looks like to go home. [sighs] It's so quiet in here. Oh! [gasps] Oh my God I have notes! Aw I love all these! How special, everyone left me one. Wait. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. I guess not. Oh well. Honestly, I'm really disappointed that I'm leaving so soon. It was really fun to be challenged and it was really fun to get some one on one with RuPaul. And um, I got to hang out with Lady Gaga. I got to have some real, genuine, advice from her. And you know, she took her job on this show very seriously. And she did a really good job with our critiques and um, that's something special that no one can ever take away from me and I'm so excited I got to experience it. God, what a dream. [soft music] I'm really gonna miss all the girls. And this was a really fun experience. It was hard, but this was the most fun I've ever had doing drag in my entire career. Aw! I didn't get to wear my Farrah Fawcett look! But the thing I'm most depressed that I don't get to wear... [chuckles] ...this would've been really fun to wear. Real latex, it has a bunch of pink accents. I was actually gonna wear this for my finalist extravaganza, to prove to RuPaul that I deserve to be America's Next Drag Superstar. I have to be completely covered in lube to get into this. A lot of lube. In fact, I think there's some lube on it right now. Oh, kind of making me horny. I can't wait to get out of here and be a hoe! [meloncholy music continues] Bye bitches! Love ya! Bye RuPaul! [Farrah] My advice, make sure you take a sickening sewing class or ten. Make sure you take an improv class before you ever even audition. Because once they tell you that you're here, it's too late to do all that. Aw thank you! Hmm. - I'm gonna miss you, girl. - Oh thank you so much for the amazing cocktails and even better hospitality. Thank you so much, I'll see y'all at The Abbey. [chuckles] Well I guess this is it. I'm Farrah Moan, one look and your mind is blown. See you in Vegas. Bye! Bye! [Offscreen] Bye Farrah! [Farrah] Bye! [chuckles] - [RuPaul] Trinity Taylor. Aja. Valentina. Shea Couleé. Ladies, this week you did not cause a commotion. You are safe. You may leave the stage. [upbeat tune] [Valentina] At this point in the competition, I feel so proud of what I'm able to accomplish. And I'm presenting myself as a threat and a front runner to the other girls. I'm just trusting myself and it's been so helpful to just trust my gut and trust my instinct. I can only hope to continue the same kind of momentum to the top. [Trinity] I don t like being safe. At least if you're on the bottom you get critique and you can use that to your advantage. And it's been too long since I won my last challenge. I got to step up my game. I need to win another one. I need to show them that I am the girl to watch out for. I can't fade into the background with the basics. -All right, clap slate. Copy that, all right you can send them in. Three, two, one. -Wee! Okay, this is mine. -My feet hurt so bad! -Woo! -Cocktails. [Aja] Bitch this is like the seventh time I've been safe and there's only been six episodes. -No, remember you lip synced for your life. -Bitch, but we gon' pretend that didn t happen okay? [Trinity] Oh my God my silicone hurts. [Shea] Oh bitch, my- my okay. I'm just gonna go over here. I'm gonna loosen the duct tape under this wig real, real quick bitch. -Oh! [Shea] Because I have a splitting headache. -Valentina, you are so lucky you came with this clever idea. How do you feel? -Really cold. -That's how I usually feel. I have no heart. -Bitch your heart is made of silicone too, that's why. [Trinity] I wonder who's the top and who's the bottom? -I thought you were gonna be in the top! The only thing that I will say is that Madonna's hair was maybe an inch longer but you slayed it! [Shea] And the bangs were like a hair shorter. -Bitch y'all all can go to hell 'cause I look [bleep] sickening! [Aja] Bitch, she wore a Bettie Page bang! -Your bitch didn t even have that jacket on! [Aja] Yes the [bleep] she did! -Not in that picture you showed me. [Aja] If you saw the photo she had that was-- -Well she has titties, you don't okay, there we go. -Bitch, well I am skinty , do I need to-- -She didn t have those earrings on. That wasn t- Her hair that she had on was shorter than that bitch. Don't come for me bitch. -Aja she came for your edges. She tried to snatch you bald! [Aja] Do you know what edges are? -Edges, like when you mow grass? -No, bitch! -How do you not know what edges are? [Shea] Why do we have to give a her-story lesson on edges? -I don t- I just- I don t even know. [Shea] Okay so here's a little her-story lesson. So edges for, normally for our ladies of color who like to wear their wigs and their weaves. Your edges are the natural hair that you leave out to blend in. -Oh! [Shea] So they cannot clock that it is a wig or that it's a weave or that it's a hairpiece. So when you don't have edges or when your edges are busted-- [Aja] You look bald! -Bitches clock you 'cause they're like, "You bald!" Guess we have to know our audience. [Aja] That's pretty still stupid but still. -I'm still confused. [Shea] How are you still confused? We just broke it down to you. [Trinity] I don t have edges! I don t know what edges are. -Bitch yes you do have edges! -I wear lace fronts! I don t blend nothing. -Yeah that black spray you be putting on. [Shea] Oh! -That's blending bitch, you put it on your edges. -That's blending your wig into your hairline. -Okay so my black spray is my edges? [Aja] Yes! -Yeah! Duh! -I'm learning. -So you're basically spraying edges on, bitch. -Spray edges. -'Cause she ain't got none. -I am from the south, bitch. We don't talk like that. -Girl yes they do talk like that in the south! Girl you ain't never watched Real Housewives of Atlanta? -I don t know what they sayin' either! -Do you know what "Gag" means? -Well yeah I know what "Gag" means, hello. -Not that gag bitch, you nasty hoe. I'm talking about like gag like when you gag. -Yes! I know what drag lingo is. I just didn t know what edges were. Now I do. -You still don't. -We gon' have to give you the holy communion of edges when instead of baptizing you with water we give her some edges, bitch. -Yeah we gon' give you some edges. When's your birthday, Trinity? So I can mail you some edges. [laughter] I'ma cut off my baby hairs and mail 'em to you so you can strategically glue them to your lace fronts. [Trinity] Well is it gonna be your baby hairs or? -I mean actually, funny enough, my pubic hair is straighter than my-- [Aja] Ew! -It's so bizarre I don t know why. -What! -Yeah it's like, it is oddly straight. -That's that witchcraft, girl. -Bitch I have not seen pubic hair on me since I grew it. [chuckles] [indistinct chatter] [laughter] -Okay ladies, excuse me. But I am so unique and I'm the only one that did all of this. -You didn t do all of nothing, bitch. That's two pieces of cardboard glued to your ass. -Girl that's a normal costume for you! -I don t do nothing cardboard, honey. -For those of you who have a twin, I would like to hear your perspective. -Of you? -No. -Of your twin! -About y'all having people who wearing the same outfit. -This is the thing. -I think the best dressed ones of the duos are sitting right here on this couch. -Yes! I want to say that yours, I love Peppermint to death but your material girl dress looked expensive as [bleep]! -My outfit, and no tea and no shade against Nina. [Aja] Hers just looked like she just studded a flannel. -Hers looked like she grabbed her brother's wrinkly ass flannel off the floor and tied a belt on it. -Oh damn she called it wrinkly. -I'm thinking to myself, girl you can't get an iron after that? [chuckles] Wrinkly. [Shea] Oh! -Trinity I love you so much. Because you are so evil and so nice at the same time. -She's such a big sister like-- -I think I just said that yesterday I was like, "You know what?" I was like, "Trinity might be a nasty old bitch--" -Oh! -"But she is one of the most resourceful, and helpful and maternal people in this competition." [Shea] She does, she does care about everybody. -Like she's so like fake because of all her silicone. But she's so real-- [Trinity] Oh my gosh! -She's so real with her heart. [Shea] Yeah. -Trinity has literally came up to me twice like, "Oh you need this? I got it right in my side. Here you go." I'm like what! -She'll be like "Let me help you, girl. Let me help you, girl." -This is the thing, I don't believe in beating around the bush. I believe in telling it like it is. I know it comes across as crass sometimes. Just always remember, if I say something to you, and even if it comes across as mean, I don't mean it mean. I'm saying it from a place of kindness and hopefully to be helpful. -'Cause now knowing you, if you really wanted to [bleep] a bitch over you just wouldn t say nothing at all. -Right! Girl, and I could be! [chuckles] -Thank you, ladies! I think we've heard enough. While you take a holiday, the judges and I will deliberate. -Bitch like those bangs that should've been two inches smaller. [Valentina] Two inches shorter, I think they should've been five inches longer. [Shea] Oh! [chuckles] -Oh! [Aja] The tops and the bottoms! [Offscreen] No versatile. -This top is versatile. -Y'all having fun without us? [Shea] I'm excited to hear about what went on. -Girl you're already slurring your words! -I was just trying to imitate your southern accent. [Offscreen] Oh! -I'm just trying to hear what s going on. -So they loved Alexis. They said that she absolutely brought it as Liza. -You better do it, bitch! -Thank you. -We all knew that. -They also loved Miss Marlene Dietrich. -Yas! -I'm a little jealous of that. -And Miss Nina, of course, with her Jasmine Masters. -Yes Miss Nina. How'd it feel up there? [Nina] It was good. You know, as far as my outfit, the judges were like compared to Trinity's, hers is more tailored to her body. -I want to know who y'all thought was in the bottom. [Shea] Yeah who is in-- So you three were in the top, so? -Yeah, I thought Sasha would've been in the bottom. Only because she was so... She thought that they would hate her. -I was really doubting myself. -You were really committed to your character, bitch! -You stole my role! -I feel- I know the role of being stuck in your head. But I think I learned my lesson. And I was done- I was in my head about his outfit too because I see so many like absolutely gorgeous outfits and this is simple. But I think they liked that about it. -Chanel made a whole entire brand off of simple, girl. -Yeah. -It's graphic, it s clean, and it looks like what you were going for. And that's what the task was. -I want to hear from Pepper, though. How you feeling, Pep? How did the judges feel about your Nene? -They said that I just didn t go far enough. -Nene is such a big character and she's so big and loud and I definitely didn t deliver that. But I'm proud of myself 'cause it was my very first impersonation of anybody ever except for Brittany Spears. [Farrah] That was amazing. [Offscreen] Which you killed! [Offscreen] Farrah, what did the judges say? -They said Gigi just probably wasn t the best option. And if I was going to do her that I should ve been like you know, playing with beauty products. She was just like throw more lip gloss. [Sasha] Behind you. -Yeah, behind my back. So I was really hoping that my Madonna look would save me this week, but I think I'm still in the bottom two. -So Cynthia. -Cynthia Lee Fontaine! [Offscreen] Oh Cynthia. [Alexis] Candis really gave her high praise for looking so fish in a boy look. [Cynthia] The only thing is that they don t like my Sofia. They say the jokes went flat. So and of course Michelle criticized my beard. -As far as your makeup tonight, that's what she said? [Alexis] Yeah she said it was a problem again. [Farrah] She said it's looking really beardy and mustache-y. [Cynthia] I'm still here. I'm gonna fight like a warrior. [Alexis] Like a matador! -Like a mother [bleep] matador. -I mean, I have three chances. I have a chance in life, I have another chance by RuPaul and I have a chance that my sister Eureka give to me and to all of you. -I'd like to make a toast, Cynthia, to your life and to ours. We say l'chaim to life. - L'chaim. - L'chaim. [Cynthia] Thank you! [Offscreen] Cheers, bitches. [Cynthia] Salud! [indistinct chatter] [Offscreen] Unless it's like a really, really short wig. -So, you know, as we all know, our sis Eureka is gone. And for me, you know, she really had my back. She made sure that when it came to that sewing challenge, that Nina was gon' pull through. She didn t have to do that. You know, she had her own thing to do. -I agree. She pulled me out of my funk during that sewing challenge as well. [Nina] Right. -And I was having a really hard time with it. -Girl, Eureka was a down ass bitch. She was like, she was so real! Like she might have said some like really inappropriate things at times. [Offscreen] Of course. -But that's why we loved her! 'Cause she was- she was also messy. That's why I love her! -Let me say this about her; I... Me and her had like a rocky start. And I just wish like we would've had a little bit more time. I really wasn t giving her a fair shake and I really needed to give her the opportunity to open up to me and really me open up to her 'cause it s hard for me to do. And then she went home. And so I really wish she would've been here longer so I could've really lived up to that. I just feel like I wasn t fair to her. -How many of you did receive a thank you letter, handwritten by Eureka? -Yes! -I did. -Yes. -And the work room is gonna be so much quieter without her tongue pops. They were like a metronome that kept the pace while we were working. -Like at first it was annoying and then it became very comforting. -And then you were like okay another ten seconds passed because she just did a tongue pop. -Our only way of keeping time. -I'm keeping time by her tongue pops. -Bitch, you know what's really weird? -Ladies, we have a message. A special message for someone today. For someone today. [Sasha] Oh my God. -Oh, we love messages! -Hi, Nina. [Nina] Oh gosh. -It's your mom. [Sasha] Oh my God. -Hope you're doing well. We all miss you, we love you, and we're very proud of you. And I know that you might be a little stressed out. Just get out of your own head. You have this covered because this is yours honey. You have messed up my bathroom for years. -Oh! -Time for you to get your butt in there and do what you do. And I know you gon' do your best. You got all your good looks from your mother. -Yes! [shouting] -Nina! Bring the crown home! We love you, we miss you. Bye-bye. Mwah. Love you, take care. -Bye mom! -Bye Mama Nina! -Aw! -I love how your mom can encourage and read you all in the same message. -Now you know where I get it from. -She said you've been messing up my bathroom for years, bitch. [Alexis] How did that feel, Nina? How did it feel? -I'm glad that she is finally seeing that drag is not a game to me. That you know, that it's something serious. Um... It took awhile for us to get there. And I have to make everybody proud so you know, so I just hope that I can get out of my own way. I have to get tougher skin. -Yep. -She's proud already, I can see it. -Girl you got to make yourself proud! -I'm glad that they are believing in me and hopefully-- -Girl we all believe in you! -We do, girl. -Nina you and I have had some conversations. You know I'm your girl. You know I love you. And all these girls are building you up right now. Telling how you- how amazing you are! But I'm gonna keep it real with you right now. If I here you being negative again, bitch I'm gon' whoop your [bleep] ass. I'm gon' [bleep] No, no, no! 'Cause now you starting to piss me off 'cause you really talented and the next time girl, especially when you doing good, when you get in that negative space, I swear to God bitch. -Give me that shoe., I'll do the same thing. -Pop off this fake Louboutin, bitch! Oppression is real. And do not let what other people have said or done in the past, what society says, convince you that you're not worth it, that you don't deserve it. That you're not beautiful enough that you're not smart enough, you're not confident enough. -You're a slut. -I know. Do you want to go ten seven. -Can we? -I don t care, I'm about to lip sync for my life and I need to have a cigarette before. -Drink, I know you wanted more of a cocktail last time. -Oh I love you, Valentina. -As this competition gets thicker, bitch we ain't gon' be telling you this all the time. So you better listen to what we are saying now. [Sasha] Get that thick skin. [Shea] You ain't gonna have us here to tell you that you sickening, you amazing, you wonderful, you powerful, you beautiful, you talented. [chuckles] [Offscreen] Bianca won the first challenge. But yeah-I don t want to-- Own it! -How you doing mama? -Mama. -Can I give you a power grip? -Love you too. -I'm gonna give you power now. Right there. Is this your heart? [Offscreen] Can be confident and even cocky. Think of how many damn girls wanted to be here, and we're here! -I love you, you are so amazing. -Thank you. Te amo mucho, thank you. I promise, I'm gonna fight, baby. I promise. -You're certainly in the outfit for it. -Yes! -Shea, can you do me a favor since you got that in your hand? -Oh, through all those hip pads? -No, this is me right here, this is me. -Oh, oh, oh. -Bitch! Come on! -Oh no, bitch, no bitch, nu-uh. -Spank her harder! It's real! -Ow! Ow! Ow! [Valentina] Liza calm down! -Thank God that one was empty. [Trinity] How did that feel? [Shea] She let you have it. This one is a real one so I know that stung. Look at her! [Alexis] Oh I got to walk it off. Where did everybody go? -That's that pent up frustration bitch, I've been waiting. You ready? [Shea] Hell no, bitch! [Nina] Thank y'all so much. Thank you. [Shea] You're welcome, it ain't gon' happen again. It ain't gon' happen again, bitch. -I got to go pee. -It ain't gon' happen again so. Oh you trying to mess up my wig? You shady bitch. Is it okay? She mess my [bleep] up? [Nina] We're behind the scenes so-- -Bitch I'm gonna be sending you that subpoena in the mother [bleep] mail. Messy, Messica Simpson right there. I will subpoena Nina. -Some of these girls this season are seriously in for the kill. -I don t think Trinity and Alexis, well Trinity and Shea and not as much Alexis have demonstrated an ounce of like... Insecurity. -Alexis has not won a challenge yet. [Peppermint] She hasn t. -Girl and you know if she does not win this challenge. -It's gonna be all of our faults. -No bitch, she is going to go bonkers! She is going to go off! She is going to kill everyone! Not kill everyone, but she's gon'- she's gon'- Bitch she is going to go off. She's gonna come back. They're gonna be like, "Alexis you may leave the stage." She gon' pull a chainsaw out from under her gown bitch and be like [imitates chainsaw noise] -I'm sorry, but in our last Untucked, I'm so annoyed that she made all of us gather around and sit down and listen to her. And I thought she was gonna say something so inspiring and sweet. And she was like "Y'all are all shady for not telling me that my blue dress is ugly." And I'm thinking, "What!" I come in here crying, completely distraught from what the judges tell me. I'm like worried about going home. I'm lip syncing for my life, I need to listen to my song. And you're making me sit over here and wait because you want to say that we're shady that your outfit didn t go over well with the judges? Bitch, how were we-- [Peppermint] And you're safe. -Yeah and you're safe and you're mad that you think everyone's shady 'cause you're not the winner of this challenge? -Well she also told Cynthia before-- - I was like, I was so done. I was so done. [Peppermint] It was a little ill-timed. -She also told Cynthia, right before we did the Kardashian challenge, she goes, "Cynthia, I think you should contour your cheeks a little more." And Cynthia got told she was wearing a beard! [Farrah] Yeah! -I was like girl! -She acknowledged that. You know I was wearing her skirt and I got read for wearing her skirt. -Alexis is out for sabotage! I'm just kidding. But girl, like. -Well I think it's just obvious that she doesn t maybe have the best fashion tips. [meows] [Valentina] Trinity, can you model your boots for us? [Alexis] No, those are her Bichon Frises. -Sparky and Fluffy. [Sasha] Oh, which one's which? [Trinity] They're twins, I get them confused all the time. [Alexis] Are they named after your nuts? [Trinity] Girl. -No, those are easier to tell apart. [laughter] -Ladies, five-minute warning. Five-minute warning. [Offscreen] Thank you, five. [suspenseful tune] [Cynthia] I'm in the bottom for lip sync for my life, second week in a row. But I'm a fighter, I'm a survivor. So I'm gonna give it all. I will be like fighting in this lip sync for my life the best that I can. I just want to left my legacy of she fight till the end. [Peppermint] I'm feeling a little nervous about my performance on Snatch Game. I didn t get as many laughs as I would have liked. And I know that I didn t really cut it compared to the other girls. I feel like I'm gon' have to lip sync. But I'm a performer for a living, twenty years. So I'm not worried about lip syncing. [Nicholas] All right, ladies! It's that time, it s that time! Let's walk on over to the main stage! [Offscreen] Okay, Nicholas. [Cynthia] Love you guys! Love you so much! Thank you for your love and support, okay. [Nicholas] All right, ladies. Let's go, let's go, let s go! [Offscreen] Coming! [Shea] Come on, girl. Bring those little horse hooves on over here. [chuckles] [Peppermint] I don t know how to fix this. [Aja] Nina this butt is so [bleep] big! [Nina] Sue me. -Nina, pop your booty and feed the children. [Nina] I can't move it, bitch. It s too stiff. [Offscreen] It smells like fries, I'm hungry. [Offscreen] ll right, all right, all right! [RuPaul] Welcome back ladies. I've made some decisions. Cynthia Lee Fontaine. Peppermint. I'm sorry but you are up for elimination. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me. Save yourself from elimination! The time has come... For you to lip sync... For your life! [suspenseful tune] Ladies, I've made my decision. Peppermint, shante you stay. Cynthia Lee Fontaine, I am so grateful we all had a chance for a second helping of cucu. Now, sashay away. -See you later mis amores! Cucu! [clapping] [Offscreen] Love you! -Love you, mi amor. [melancholy tune] [RuPaul] Con-drag-ulations, my queens! Now remember, if you can't love yourself, how the hell you going to love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? [All] Amen! [RuPaul] All right now let the music play! [melancholy tune] [Cynthia] I feel very sad. I did the best that I can. I bring a lot of Cynthia Lee Fontaine. I've been working so hard you know, to give a stunning performance. And it's a little bit upsetting. But I know my family, my friends, and all my fans all around the world. They're gonna be so proud of seeing Cynthia Lee Fontaine and have the opportunity for them to see more of me. [somber tune] It's beneficial to make mistakes in your life. The most important part is that you recognize the mistake, you fix, and you stand on your feet, head up, and continue looking for your dreams so you can make them come true. Ah! Come on work room! Whoo-hoo! Aw! These are some letters and notes from the girls. "Hey, Cucu. I love you so much, sister. You slayed that lip sync and your Madonna look was divine. I'm gonna miss you so much. You are my sister for life and you have such a star quality. I love your cucu! Farrah." Aw! With a kiss. Let me put this in a safe place. This is so nice, thank you. Thank you girls! I feel a little bit sad but you know, it is not like the last time that it was a sweet and sour taste. This time I get the opportunity to dance, to do comedy, model beautiful creations and bring total looks. Bring a new, updated Cynthia Lee Fontaine. So, you know, I'm very satisfied with the job that I just execute already. You know, my journey for season nine. [melancholy tune] This is an amazing season. It s gonna outshine in a very like special way. All these girls are amazing. I have a new family, a new sisterhood. I'm gonna miss them all. Eureka, since she left the competition, you know, I was very like emotional. Because we connected each other pretty well. From Eureka I get a lot of support and I support her the same way. She said to me, "Cynthia you are very strong. You been through a lot. And look at you. Every morning you smile at me, you hug me and you sending me like through your hug, that positive energy. And I just appreciate that Cynthia, thank you." And I know she's gonna be watching this. So she's gonna be like, "Aw! Cynthia I love you!" [tongue pops] [melancholy tune] Bye! Bye work room! See you soon maybe! Woo! [chuckles] Bye studio! Bye Untucked! Bye Hamburgers Mary's and fake titties. [somber tune] Bye LA! Be careful with your back, amor. I have like seventy-five dead bodies in that suitcase. -Bye Cynthia! -Thank you so much. [muffles speech] Thank you so much for everything. Thank you. -We love you so much. -Thank you, mi amor. Thank you, thank you, thank you so very much for everything. Thank you guys, thank you so very much! Always beautiful as a goddess, as funny as a clown. Remember, believe in your dreams. Believe in yourself and they will make come true okay. - [RuPaul] I've made some decisions. Farrah Moan. Peppermint. Alexis Michelle. Ladies, you are safe. You may leave the stage. [upbeat tune] [Farrah] RuPaul announces that we're safe! Yay, I'm so excited. I mean, don't get me wrong, I would have loved to be in the top but at this point in the competition with me being in the bottom all the time, it is nice that I get to go backstage, relax, have a cocktail, take my shoes off and last another week. [Peppermint] Moving forward, I have got to win as many challenges as possible. I've been safe. I've been in the bottom. I need more wins to show that I'm a real, true contender in this competition. [upbeat tune] -Ready? Clap slate. [Director] All right send them in three, two, one. [laughs] [Farrah] Oh guys, we're safe. -You guys, we are really dwindling down to-- [Alexis] You know what Blanche Devereux would say? -What would she say? [Alexis] "Better safe than pregnant." Here we go, here we go! [grunts] -I'm not even sure if I can sit this low. -I can't really sit. -Anybody need a hand? -Ooh! -Well, cheers my safe ladies. -Cheers, ladies. We've survived. -This is a week to be safe. This was the best acting challenge to date. -We really rose to the challenge. -It looked like a real show, right? -I know, it was cute. -It was so funny. -Oh my God. Those opening credits got me together because I watched 90210 like it was my job. -It was so-- -It was great. -And you've never seen the show? -Never. -It's really funny. You have to watch a couple episodes. -Yeah, I'm gonna watch the whole thing now. -She's an ovum. Of course she never saw it. [Alexis] So. -It's gonna be really hard for them to pick who's in the bottom because-- [Peppermint] I know, so who's there? Trinity, Nina, Shea, Aja, Sasha, Valentina. Six. -And then we make nine. [Peppermint] And we make nine. Clearly, Trinity is in the top. -Trinity and Valentina. [Peppermint] Yeah. -Trinity, Valentina, and probably Shea. -I'm thinking Shea. [Farrah] They laughed so hard at Shea's part. -They didn't laugh very much at Sasha's part. -So that would put Aja and Nina and Sasha in the bottom? Unless they didn't like Valentina's but I thought Valentina nailed it. -They liked Valentina's. [Farrah] Who knows, there might be multiple tops. It might not be three bottoms and three 'cause they said those were the best. -Oh maybe it's, maybe it's four tops -And two bottoms. [Peppermint] And two bottoms. -That's unusual. -That never happens. -I don't think that's ever happened. [laughter] [Peppermint] Girl, that definitely never happens, anywhere on earth. -Said in no gay bar ever. [Peppermint] Well, I honestly think the person that's gonna take it is Trinity. -I was laughing so hard on that runway just watching Trinity. -I think I did well as the daughter but you know, Trinity just did- was funnier. [Peppermint] She stole the show. -She did. She stole that from me. -I was hoping for more of a response to your mirror. -I wanted that part 'cause even though she's small I think that the text was great. You know, when we read through it I was like, you know even though this isn't big like, you can make a good impression with this. So I feel, I feel good about what I did, you know, you know, it wasn't Meryl Streep but it was good. [Peppermint] I felt the same way about mine watching it. Like, I feel like I put a lot of energy into it. [Alexis] I think you had great '90s energy. -You know, I felt like I had great '90s energy but she was Brandon who's just kind of like floats in the middle. He doesn't, he's not like one of the-- you know, Brandon was just known for being hunky. -Your lesbian scene was really fierce. There was some tongue action. -I was afraid- there was tongue there, I know! Like, I really-- -I like, gagged when I saw that make out scene. -Girl, I had black lipliner. I basically gave her a serious like, Don Quixote mustache after making out with her. -I can't imagine making out with Aja after she eats those Cheetos all day! [Peppermint] Girl, how do you think I felt? -I know! -How do you think I felt! [Farrah] Oh I know! -I did not anticipate that I'd have to make out with anyone of y'all heffers. -Did she taste like a Cheeto puff? -Oh no. -She didn't taste like Cheetos, it was more like... ...spinach? I don't know. [exclamations] [Peppermint] She tasted healthy. She tasted good. -It does a body good. [Farrah] She tasted healthy. [Alexis] Popeye. [Farrah] All right. It was so funny that my character was so whiny though 'cause it's so me. [laughs] [whiny tone] Mom! -You know [Peppermint] Everybody was cast really well. -You did a great job casting it. [Farrah] It was amazing. I think that's probably why this is the best acting challenge because everyone's parts were so good. -It was well cast. [Peppermint] Thank you. -Very well cast. You slayed that, girl! [Peppermint] Even Shea and Aja, like if Aja hadn't been so plucked to play the-- -Grandrea. [Peppermint] Grandrea, then she would've played Grandrea which might have been tougher for her. -And had she risen to that challenge I think she might have ended up as a clear top because it would have been her going out of her comfort zone. -But look where she started it. She was not -The attitude was not there. -I felt like the only way to get her out of that funk and to let us all, you know, -Move on. -Move forward, was to just, change the part. -You made a smart, quick decision so that we could move forward. [Peppermint] Yeah 'cause otherwise it would have been about all that and we would have had no time. -I really liked this challenge because I hated high school and I looked up to the pretty girls in school. I wanted to be them but I never-- -You are a pretty girl! -But in high school I was like, such a loner and like, I was so bullied and death threatened and people like pushed me against lockers -They gave you death threats? [Farrah] Oh yeah, there were times when I had to stay in hotels because I would get these messa--, these emails that were like, I'm gonna come to your house at [gasps] one-seven-one-three [Peppermint] Oh my God they knew your address?! [Farrah] Yeah, and they were like "I'm gonna come to your house on a Thursday and kill you." -Oh [bleep]. -From who? -Yeah, no idea and like, the police, like tried to scan, like figure out who it was and never could figure it out so. Like, high school just- it wasn't everything I thought it was gonna be and getting to do a little acting challenge where I got to be the pretty girl at a high school was so much fun. [Peppermint giggles] -I'm sitting here scratching my big hair wondering-- [Peppermint] What's going on? -Who's in trouble out there? -I have no idea. [Peppermint] It's probably Nina and Aja. [RuPaul] Thank you ladies. While you untuck backstage the judges and I will deliberate. [laughing] [Offscreen] Oh girl. -What if we're actually in the bottom and they're all safe? -Oh, here they are. [Peppermint] Saved by the bell. -Saved by the bell. [Peppermint] Hey ladies. -I have a song to learn. [Offscreen] Okay. -Love you. [Offscreen] Love you too, girl. [Offscreen] Do you? [Nina] Girl. [Alexis] All right, so that's Nina. What about you, Valentina? It was good? They liked it. -Yeah. -Trinity, I assume you're... -Um, I'm thinking me, Valentina and Shea are the top. -Definitely, I am in trouble. [Alexis] What?! [Farrah] What?! -No I don't think it's that surprising. It wasn't really as funny as some of the other ones. -I gagged when you were like, drinking your whiskey. -And what about some of the critiques from the top? -They enjoyed the weird, creepy Grandrea-- -Jenny and Tori were really relieved that that is not how you always look. They both commented on that. -They were kinda like, whoo! Thank God, girl 'cause-- -That was rough. -[Nina] They were like, [snickers] you were, you know. [Sasha] Crusty. -Yeah, I was crusty, you know, I was a little crunchy but [Offscreen] She committed, she committed. -Yeah, absolutely. If I were to judge by the critiques I would say that Trinity is gonna win. -I mean, we all loved your, your mom. [Shea] 'Cause bitch, I did not notice the way you were being flipped around by the boys when you were shooting that scene. So seeing that today was my first time and I was just like, that bitch is like pussy up swinging like a mother[bleep]ing hammock in the wind. -I was in the background I was like, "Pick me up, pick me up!" And then they picked me up and I was like, "Swing me!" -Bitch you're the only one who got like a, the entire room laughed started like, everyone cracked up in the room. -Yeah it was fun, it was fun. It was funnier than what I thought it was gonna be. [Shea] No it looked great. [Sasha] It was really funny. [Shea] 'Cause you really went there. -Thank you. -Sasha, did they like your runway look? -They loved it. [Shea] Tori said it was literally on point. [Offscreen] Ah, I get it! [laughing] [Valentina] Okay, okay, pit crew, pit crew! [Alexis] Can we get pit crew in here? [Valentina] Can we get that little Latino one with the hairy chest? Pit crew with the burgers come on out! -So do you all, who do you all think is gonna be on the bottom? [Alexis] It sounds like based on the critiques that Aja and Nina are gonna have to lip sync. -It sounds like the three bottom are Aja, Nina, and Sasha. -Who do y'all want to go home? -I don't want anyone to go home but you know who I want to stay big time? -That's a very negative question. [Trinity] I'm just trying to stir up -- [mimics angry voice] Listen to my answer! [chair crashes] -I'm just trying to stir up something interesting here. [mimics angry voice] Listen bitch! [laughing] [Alexis] Who do you want to stay, Peppermint? -I want Sasha to stay. [Alexis] Of course, me too, 100%. [Valentina] I want Sasha to stay. -Sorry. -That's such a like, pageant answer. [Alexis] What?! [Peppermint] What?! -All right Trinity [Peppermint] Okay bitch, let's turn it around. -I got a pageant question for you. -Okay. -Who's your biggest competition here? -There's two. -And. -One of them is sitting with us at the moment. And Shea. -The one sitting at the moment and the answer is? -Alexis... [Alexis screams] because it is not Valentino. No you are. They see something in you girl. We all see it. -Thank you. I feel the same way about you. [Trinity] I mean, I feel like every girl here is competition but like -Yeah. -I'm noticing critiques of the judges and they say something about you and they something about Shea that like, just really clicks. [Peppermint] It really clicks. [Trinity] So [Peppermint] You're right about that. I'd agree. Well that doesn't answer the question who you want to go home. [Trinity] Girl, what is her pads doing? [Peppermint] It doesn't matter 'cause she has a long dress on. [Trinity] Aja, come here, come here, come here, come here, come here. -Hey answer the question first. -Turn around. -Wait, Aja, wait! -Turn around. [Aja] What did I do? [Peppermint] Wait, listen! What's your runway look? Are you gonna put that back on? -Hell no. [Trinity] Turn around. [Peppermint] I'm talking about when we go to the runway. -Turn around, I need to, I need to look at something. [Peppermint] You're gonna, you're gonna walk out there without the skirt? [Aja] Yeah why? [Alexis] Your padding is jacked. -We need to smooth that out. [Peppermint] It's not smooth. -Well why don't you come and do it then, baby? [Peppermint] It's fine if you're gonna wear the skirt. [Trinity] I have on gloves. -Wear the, Aja, please wear the skirt. [Aja] What if I have to lip sync? [Peppermint] You should wear the skirt, Aja. [Alexis] How hard is it to take off? [Trinity] She looks like the Walking Dead has chewed on your ass, girl. [laughing] -Bitch, you so stupid. [Trinity] Girl, no for real. You have like, indentions that look like, you know [Valentina] Ripples on a pond. -The Hudson River back there. -You don't have nails on why don't you fix it for me? -Well come back. Come around here and I'll do it. [Aja] Okay, mommy. -She's got cellulite realness. [Aja] Fix my ass. -[Trinity] Girl, she looks like, it really looks like the Walking Dead has eaten your asshole. [Aja] Is it better? [Trinity] Yup. -I think it was when I was stretching. It probably bunched up under my tights. -Right. [Offscreen] Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. [Stage crew] Ladies. [Offscreen] What? [Stage crew] We need everyone up front. We have a little surprise. [Offscreen] Guys we have a surprise. Everyone come to the front. [Stage crew] Nina. -Can I just wallow in my depression? No, they're making me go. [Farrah] I hope I get a message. I wonder if Ru was able to teach my mom how to use a [bleep]ing iPhone. [Alexis laughs] [Farrah gasps] -Oh my God. What if it's me? It's not going to be. -Hi Farrah Moan. [all gasp] [Offscreen] Oh my God! [Mom] I just can't take it how much I miss your little [impersonates Farrah] "Mom!" everyday. I really am rooting for you. I know you can do this. [Mom] You're so courageous and you've been so true to yourself your whole life. The way you used to pull on my knee highs when you were barely old enough to even be out of diapers and wear that red nightgown and swirl around the house, you have been true and strong. Even when your dad tried to take you shopping for a "boy toy" and you were gone for four hours when you were three years old and you came home with a bag full of Barbies. [Offscreen] Oh my God. [Mom] You've stayed true to yourself in a backward country town that didn't understand what your life was like at all. [Mom] And when you were young you had to take on so much responsibility while I was out working. This commitment and the way you have pursued your dream makes me so proud. [Mom] Farrah Moan, you've been strong through everything in your whole life despite all the odds and all the adversity that you've been through. You get in there and you get this job done and you bring me a crown home, okay? [Mom] I am rooting for you. I love you, honey. Bye bye. [collective aw] -Farrah, that was beautiful. [Offscreen] That was so nice. -I can't believe she learned how to use a camera. -I can totally picture you saying "mom"! [Farrah] It feels so amazing. I can't believe it. -I loved that story about you going for a boy toy and coming back with the Barbies. -My dad said "No son of mine was gonna come home with Barbies" and I came home with a bag full. She sounds so much more country on the TV than she does in real life. She is the most confident, amaz She's who I base my drag off of. She was who I watched do her makeup and like got so inspired of the power of women. She was like a powerful single mom that did everything and I looked up to her so much. I looked up to her way more than I ever looked up to my piece of [bleep] dad. My drag is dedicated to her and my success on this show is dedicated to her and I love you, mom for I love you mom for learning how to record a video and making me one. -Yas, she even got the lighting right. -She did! She did! -She looks like a responsible social media queen. [laughing] -Valentina, do you want a message from your mom next week? [Farrah] You love your mom and I know your mom just adores the [bleep] out of you. -My mom is my favorite person in the world and it makes me so jealous to see your mom be so beautiful and so sweet and so kind. -That's how I felt about Nina's mom last week and then my mom came this week so maybe you're next. [Trinity] Alexis, who would you like to see? -My mother. [Trinity] Your mother? -I miss her so much. -Who would you like to see? -Both my mom and my dad if I could get them. -I lost my mom and my grandmother that raised me so. [sympathetic tone] Hm. [Trinity] So I don't know who would. -Well I'm adopted and my adoptive parents are divorced so I'm in touch with my mom but I don't talk to my dad. [Aja] My mom, I just kind of like fell into her life at a moment when she was trying to have kids. And then um, she raised me. She was already forty years old. So she just took me in and raised me and um -Have you ever sought out your birth parents? [Aja] They're dead. [Trinity] I, um, I was adopted by my grandparents because my real mother was not a fit mother either. I think I would be a horrible parent. I don't want kids. [Offscreen] You got your little doggies. -Yeah I do have my dogs. Aw, that's who I would want [Offscreen] You want a video from your dogs. -I would want a video from my dogs. [barking sounds] [Alexis] That would be adorable. [indistinct chatter] [mimicking crows cawing] [Offscreen] It sounds like it right now. [laughing] [Aja] I feel like every time I sit down my pads bunch up. [Offscreen] Well that doesn't include us. [Aja] Girl, I don't want you to be in the bottom and I don't want to be in the bottom either. -I don't want us to be in the bottom. -Ladies, five minutes. Five minutes to main stage. [Offscreen] Thank you five. [Offscreen] There we go. [Offscreen] I paid $600 down. [melancholy music] [Aja] I am so torn in different emotions that I really don't even know what to think. But I really want to make an impression in the competition and I feel like Nina wants this but she's not even sure if she wants this. And I definitely want this so I'm just gonna give it everything I've got and prove to Ru that I want to be here and I deserve to be here. I'm gonna slay this. [tense music] [Nina] I didn't do the best in the challenge so I deserve to be lip syncing. But I want to prove to them that if given the chance, I can grow and show them that I'm proud of who I am, I'm proud of what I do, and I'm proud to be different. And I have to really like, show them that I'm still here to stay. -All right ladies. It's that time, it's that time. Let's head to the main stage. [Shea] It's time to lip bitch for your life. [Nina] Oh gosh. Oh [bleep]. [imitating gospel singing] [indistinct chatter] [tense music] [RuPaul] Welcome back ladies. I've made some decisions. Aja. Nina. Ladies, this is your last chance. Impress me... and save yourself... from elimination. The time has come. For you to lip sync... for your life! [suspenseful music] [RuPaul] Ladies, I've made my decision. Nina Bo'nina Brown, shantay you stay. [RuPaul] Aja, the way I feel about you it just can't be wrong. Love you, girl. Now sashay away. [applause] [melancholy music] [RuPaul] Con-drag-ulations my queens. And remember if you can't love yourself how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? [All] Amen! [RuPaul] Now let the music play! [Aja] This entire experience has felt like a dream. It's all felt like it's not even real and leaving doesn't feel real either. I kinda feel like I'm just about to wake up at any minute. What a lot of people may not realize is that the fight at "RuPaul's Drag Race" has nothing to do with the other contestants. It's really just about a fight you have with yourself to keep going. [melancholy music continues] [Aja] This whole time I've just kinda been like battling my inner demons. I learned that I still get in my head. I thought I had gotten over that but I learned that if there's a will, there's a way to still get in your head. [wheels rolling] Oh my station. It's so messy. "Aja, you repped NYC so hard. So proud plus we'll miss you." Aw, Peppermint. I love Peppermint. We got to make out before I left. I'm gonna put this in my bag. I'm gonna text her when I get home. Of course she won't see it for a while but. [jewelry clanks] [Aja] Well I might be going home but I had a great time and not everyone gets a chance to say that they've lived through this. And I'll tell you this -- Lady Liberty once told me that Drag Race is going to be a very difficult experience and I said "No it's not" but bitch, was Lady Liberty right. 'Cause this [bleep] was hard. But I had so much fun and I know that my presence will be missed. [Aja] I definitely knew a lot of the girls coming into this competition so I feel like I have a bond with a lot of them. Like, those are my girls, like I know they're gonna kill it, they're gonna do really well. Oh I found my underwear. Yay! Damn, I have a lot of [bleep]! I even brought a space suit just in case we had to like, take it there. I should've worn this space suit at some point. It's just so stupid. I definitely think my closet was very versatile. Oh look, I had a gown. [somber music] I think I'm gonna give some of my [bleep] to Nina because I know she said she came here with like, body suits and the judges were telling her she needed to show more versatility in her, um, her shape. So I'm gonna give her a few of the items that I was gonna wear for some stuff. Nina, why your station stay so messy? I know that she really wants this. If that bitch go home right after like, I have to go home. I'm gonna be really upset, Nina. I'm coming for you bitch. [zippers sound] Bye workroom! [Aja] People who, you know, want to be on this show but feel like they can't. If you really want it, you have to commit to yourself. And you have to just do and be yourself. A lot of girls don't realize that. -Bye Untucked lounge. No more messy, drunk Aja.-[RuPaul] Thank you ladies. And to my crew standing on stage, thank you from the bottom of my heart. Now, while you ladies untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. You may leave the stage. [upbeat music] -I am so happy to have made it to the top six. I have struggled as of late with a little bit of second guessing. It's really hard not to take the judges critiques too personally because the stakes are so high right now. These are the best of the best. And the thing that has me the most nervous right now is that any little mistake can send you home. -It's been too long since I've won my last challenge. And this is not the time to fade. But I'm having so much fun with Glittafa. I feel like we did amazing so I really want to win this challenge because I want to be the first queen to have three wins. -Clap slate. -Ready. [upbeat music] -Oh I got a leg today! -Aw yay, I'm the only one that hasn't gotten a leg. -You got a leg. -Yeah, it wasn't given to me. -Yeah she-she. [chuckles] -No, I told them I didn't want one. -Oh well then why you complainin' then bitch? -Just to complain. -Oh, my word. [gasps] -Oh my God! My silicone is frozen! -Oh God. -My feet hurt. And my lashes are coming off on my face. -Oh yes beauty! -I love, I love me some Peppermint with her blonde hair and some big, doorknocker earrings. -Yeah, you look so cute. -I know, you look gorgeous. -Thank you. -Gorgeous. -So what'd y'all think about this one? -It was definitely hard. The hardest challenge, absolutely. -It was a lot, you know? -It was stressful today. This has been one of the most stressful runway days. 'Cause there was still so much unknown. We didn't know what these men would look like. -Yeah. -When we got- We had to put them in face, and ourselves in face. We had to do a performance that we have truly like, hardly rehearsed. -Yeah. -Right. -Compared with other stuff we've performed here. -Well let's start by a clear congrats to Sasha and Trinity for the clear top critiques of the week. -Thank you, very much. -Thank you. -Well deserved, good job girls. -Thank you. -So, how does everybody feel about their experience with their crew member? -I think Winter Green did a great job. I'm super proud of her. -That face! -She could perform! -When you finished painting her mug in the work room. That mug she was pulling! -Bitch! When I said let me look at her. -And we looked at each other. -I said you trying to fight me bitch?! -I created a monster! -I have to say, I spooked myself, I kept looking at my little sister and I was like... [laughter] As I was painting her, I was worried. I was like, I think her make up is better than mine today. And I was like, they're gonna read me. -They're gonna be like she outshined you! But I felt like our family resemblance was spot on. I'm not gonna deny it, it's a leotard and a cat suit. That being said, I did sew these. I had to tailor it to Ryan's body. Creating a garment that can fit the kind of curve that I have is not the easiest thing. I feel that there's some accomplishment in that. So it hurt a little bit having them say it looked like Halloween store costumes. Um, I would've loved to get higher marks, you know, from Zaldi because I admire his work. -Yeah! -I want to know, Sasha. What did it feel like getting those critiques from Zaldi? -Incredible! I've like... -Oh my God! -I've straight up like ripped off designs that Zaldi did. [laughter] 'Cause he's an incredible designer! -Incredible. -Incredible. So important for the art of drag and that drag design, specifically. -I have to say, Sasha, kudos to you. You made a damn bitch out of a strong, handsome face. -Oh my God! -Serious kudos to you. While you were mapping that out, I thought to myself, "Sasha is in deep [bleep] here" -I thought so too! -She's in deep [bleep]. But all of a sudden, the next time I look... -Yeah. -...it was like she's a Velour! She's a Velour! -Thank you, because I had a moment- We all think Duncan is an incredibly attractive man. -Sexy, dilfy . -And you know, I was just like, oh he's handsome, he's gonna be such a pretty girl. I started painting that face and I was like oh [bleep]! -What did I do? -What did I sign up for?! Because he has an incredibly like traditionally masculine face, big jaw. -Uh-huh. -But I found a way, that's why I was the last one done. 'Cause I like went a couple wrong directions first. I was like [?] let me erase that. -Doing someone's makeup for the first time on a different face that's not your own. And then also, when your muscles are trained to go a certain way when you're doing this and then you have to like reverse it and you're like oh! -I'll tell y'all what, you know, Rizzo is for the most part, he was a lot easier than the rest of y'all because of his build. But that face. -The face was not easy. -The face was not easy. -No I give you way credit for that. -That face. -She looks gorgeous. -That face was not easy. -No. [giggles] -Y'all already know I have like a crush on Rizzo. -And, like- -That was part of it. -And I was like, and I was like, "How am I gonna, how am I gonna be this close to him and like not like wet myself?" -Not slip him a roofie? -But, the thing is, is like, as soon as like we started, like I could tell that he was really serious. And then it, then obviously, I'm very serious about drag and this competition. So it like, it wasn't even an issue, and like even when I had to tuck, like help him tuck. I didn't even, those didn't even cross my mind. I can't wait for him to get out of drag so now I can you know. -Sexually harass him again. [?] -No, now I kind of look at him as my sister, so I'm kind of turned off now. I'm like I've moved on. -What next camera man? -She's moved on! -That's where she draws the line. -What's the next camera man? -You, let's go! [laughter] -You want some of these! [shouts] -Oh no! [upbeat tune] [indistinct conversation] -I was just like ahh! -Peppermint was over there like literally Peppermint was like walking over like- [shouts] -I was just gonna say, this challenge was so, such a beautiful and important concept. I feel like our philosophy, me and Shea, was to give people pairings that would be successful. -Yeah. -Like, where there was some kind of connection. -If it wasn't like a physical pairing, we just kind of really wanted to pair like people's like personalities and energies. -Yeah, like with Nina, I felt like the energy and also the artistry. -Year Aaron being an artist and tattoos. We were like Aaron's the art guy, he's got like tattoos, he's edgy, him and Nina will get along well, you know. -Famously, yeah. -Yeah. So that's really, we really wanted to be like fair 'cause. -I think y'all were super fair. -Yeah, we're not like shady like that. -I just want to say, because this, 'cause I think this will be, and I don't care what y'all say if I'm being negative. This is going to be my last Untucked. You know, y'all wont have to deal with Nina's negativity anymore. Because Shea, I think you will be in the bottom. -For the first time -I think I will too. -For the first time, girl. But you've done perfect throughout this whole competition. So, don't even let that get to you. I'm not sad, I'm not mad. I'm almost debating, and I know y'all are going to curse me out. But I'm almost debating on not lip syncing. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Here me out. -There's nothing that I would hear that would change my mind. -Can't support that. -No, listen! Only because I know, I just don't have the- This time around, I don't have the drive to really give a performance. -Okay. -I don't. Because third time, I'm just like hmm. And this is too much to sing in, bitch. This is too much for me, this is too much. -Can I just plead with you, Nina? -No, go ahead. No, go ahead, talk. -Um, because I do think I'm gonna be lip syncing, I really do. And it wouldn't feel good for me, it wouldn't feel like I did anything if you didn't do anything. I don't want people to be like, "Well Shea won that lip sync on a technicality." You know what I'm saying? Like, if I'm gon' lip sync against somebody, I want them to bring it. And I want you to bring it and give it your all. -And you don't know girl, you may stay. -And you don't know! -You may stay. You may, you know, you're really good at lip syncing. Don't give up because it's not just you, girl. There's people out there that are following this show and are following your story. And you have inspired them. And you have an obligation to follow through. -And to fight. -I don't care what mentally is going on with you. But you are now a big brother or a big sister to somebody that you don't even know. -Mm-hmm. -You're a role model now. So suck it up, be a man, be a woman, and do your job as an entertainer and entertain, girl. Don't just give up. -That is such a- -Coward thing, I know, but- but you know, I'm being punished for sending Valentina home. -She sent herself home. -Yeah see, Valentina sent herself home. -Don't do the same. -This is the top six! -People are going home. -Are gonna go home. -But I just, Shea. -It does not matter. -Well I'm just saying, Shea really deserves. -Then if she deserves it, she will slay you and stay. -She's gonna slay me into a coma. -Then you need, but you don't need to just give up. You don't want to regret this tomorrow. -Also more than anything, our job here is to entertain. -Yeah. -You are good at that, girl. -And what- -You are a good entertainer. -You said that, that was about Shea. What if it was somebody else? What if it was Pepper? -No same thing. -What if it was me, bitch?! -Same thing, I would say you deserve to be here because you know, I'm the one that's kind of been in the bottom the most. But... but that's it, you know, we can change the subject. -Why does this have to be the subject every single time we are in a group? -How do you feel, Peppermint? -I feel, I feel exactly the same way you do, you ladies do. Nina, I think you are special. I think that Shea, you are right. Shea is a very strong contender. I think that's very apparent. -Right. -I agree that the judges like you and they want to see more from you. I do not want this to turn into this thirty minutes we have left, us trying to cheer Nina up. -Hello ladies! -Oh my goodness, oh my God. -What!? -Burgers? -Ladies, father around, treats. -Mary's calling! -What are those in the center? Are those fried mac 'n' cheese balls? -Oh yes they are. -Do I see a vegetarian option? -Move honey! Move honey! What is this? -Can we eat? -They're burgers, yes! -I think veggie burgers and regular burgers and mac 'n' cheese balls. [upbeat tune] -That's good! -Oh my God, those are great! -These are great! -Do you want one? -What are they? -Cheese balls! -It looks like the queens care about the food more than they care about us. What's up with that? -No, no. [chuckles] -Come over here. -Thank you, Hamburger Mary's. -What you drinkin' baby? -A little cran-vodka, girl! -A little vodka-cran. Learn from your mother, vodka soda. -Vodka soda, less calories? -Less calories. -I need to watch my figure. I was the voluptuous bitch today. -Cheers. -Cheers. -I love looking around watching all of your guys sitting in your chairs. [deep voice] Like you guys are so! -I know, when I'm in Untucked I still try to sit like a lady. -Bae just crossed her legs! -There you go! -It's literally, physically impossible for me to do it. -Rizzo, how is your tuck now that you- -Gone! -You were able to get- make it through? -She put that skirt back on! -It's gone! -Is your [bleep] just hanging out now? -You made her a skirt!? -Yeah, well we had skirts to begin with then ripped them off. -Oh they had a reveal. -We had a reveal. -Thank God not another reveal. [laughter] -I'm not touching anything. But that face right there, that could be a contestant, a real contestant. -Yeah, totally. -It has been girl, it's [?] [laughter] -[?] -Looking just like her! -So I- I have a question for the crew. Um, who's been on this show the first year. Who's the first year on this show? -This is my first year. -This is my first season, yeah. -My sis. Second year? Third? Fourth? Fifth? Your fifth year with this show? -Two seasons of All Stars and five seasons of Drag Race. -Damn! -So that's seven seasons. -Mm-hmm. -How does today feel for you having been through more Drag Race than we have? -Oh it's entirely surreal. I- there's, there have been so many moments of- There's been such an overwhelming fear. I mean big time! I mean, I've always known what y'all do is difficult. And it's so impressive! And it's absolutely amazing. I mean, from the get go, it's, I've always been amazed by the drag queens on this show. And so I knew that to do something like this was gonna be so [bleep] difficult. -Well I have to ask you, what was it like you know, having gone through this experience and getting such amazing critiques from the judges and having them receive you so well? -Beyond anything I had hoped for, and thank you so much, Peppermint. Thank you for everything. I was absolutely petrified. But something in me clicked that if you're that scared of it, then you probably need to do it. -Yeah. -Duncan, how long have you been on the show? -Yeah, yeah. -Yeah. -I have Sarge beat by one season. [laughter] -Eight seasons. -Wow. -No, you've done five right? -Well I've done five. -He's done [?]. -How many have you done, Aaron? -Oh six! -Six plus All Stars. -Six plus All Stars! [chuckles] -Wow. -Has this been the hardest? -This is a tough one. But it's like a, it's like a tough love. You know what I mean? -Like it's... -Yeah. -...I will always come back to this show. -Yeah. -You know. -Yeah. -Even if offered more money on another show during the same dates, I will come to this one. You know what I mean? -That is the spirit of drag. -That it is! -'Cause lord knows we don't make tons of money. -'Cause we don't make no money! -I mean, we always operate at a loss. -Always, always. -Always. It's a labor of love. -Because you spend so much money on the look. -Bitch, years ago before like I really got like a day job. There would be days like when I was like twenty, twenty-one that I would be like, "Should I pay my rent or should I go buy a gown?" Bitch! -Or should I finish the left cheek. [shouting] -Shady! -Shade! -The shade! [shouting] -Don't try it, bitch. -Wait a minute, so you've learned shade evidentially. -Clearly. -Is there any, what have you learned, has anything changed after this experience with the crew queens, this question is for. -Yeah. -Definitely, as far as my perceptive of what you do. I mean, I had no idea all the different facets that were involved in the drag. Like I was just being removed from it, thought you know, it is a man dressing like a woman and they'll put on a show. All you guys are just so talented across the board. As far as, I mean you're seamstresses, you're actors, you're comedians, you're dancers, you're performers. I've worked on lots of shows, I've in TV for ten years. And I've done singing competitions and like big talent shows and all that. And never have they ever expected all those things from the contestants like they do from you. They expect you to be so well rounded across the board, I have a whole new respect for you. And I think what you do is amazing. -It's really eye opening and I'm glad that I was a part of this, yeah, yeah. -Ladies! Five minutes! Five minutes! -Thank you, five. [soft music] -I'm feeling disappointed in myself. I have fought so hard to make it this far. So I'm in the bottom two, I have to show them exactly why I deserve to be here. I'm just gonna slay it. [music continues] -Here I am taking my place in the bottom again. I may have to lip sync for my life. So I have to pick myself up. And try to show the judges that I'm still here. I'm just kind of like let me get through this. -All right, ladies time to go to main stage. -No five minutes? -Follow me please. -I'm gonna need you to give me a second, honey. -This was great. -My pleasure. -That's how we do it. -Go get 'em. -Thank you so much. -Thank you. -You really brought it today. -[?] we got to go. -Good luck, ladies. -Ladies, got to go, got to go! -We got everybody? One, two, three, four, five. [?] -Duncan, we're gonna take you guys over. -Only if there's a drink waiting for me over there. -Drinking in this is gonna make me have to go to the bathroom. I don't even know if it's physically possible. -I know. -We got to go right now! Right now, no time. -Welcome back, ladies. -Oh here it comes. -Here we go. -I've made some decisions. -I love Ru's outfit today. -Nina Bo' Nina Brown. Your bunny looks did not make the judges hoppy. -Just remember... -I'm sorry, my dear. But you are up for elimination. -...not, not what anyone here did. -I tried, man [?]. -She was lucky to have you. -Definitely. -It's absolutely not on you, man. -Shea Couleé. Your makeover of Bae was not okay. I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. -Oh no. -Thank goodness. -It's not on y'all. -I know but I want her to win, you know. And I want to make sure that I did my best for her, you know. Like it's not about me. -You did, you did. -I know but, but she deserves at least to not be here right now. At least, I feel. -The good news is, Shea's gonna work it in the lip sync. -I know she is. And I'm excited to see that. But it's just I don't want her to be here, in this positon. -Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me. -She just better work it. -And save yourself from elimination! The time has come... ...to lip sync... ...for your life! [suspenseful music] Ladies, I've made my decision. Shea Couleé, shantay you stay. Nina Bo' Nina Brown Andre Charles. Baby you are part of my family now. Now, sashay away. -Thank you, thank you. -That's not on you. -No, I know. -It's way tougher when you're part of it. -Right? -Yeah it is. -You feel invested. -Yep. -You know 'cause you're some tatted up [bleep] with a septum piercing and [bleep] pierced eye, can put my whole thumb through your ears. But you're a sensitive guy. -You know, people say, oh don't take this personal. I'm [bleep] with somebody. Somebodies fighting for their [bleep] legacy. You know what I'm saying? -It's hard like this means the world to them. [sorrowful music] -Sue me! [laughter] -I think I might! [music continues] Top five bitches! Now remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gon' love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here?! -Amen! -Now let the music play! [sorrowful music] -I didn't really have any expectations of how far I would make it. You know, I just accomplished a goal by being here. I made it to top six. But what I want people to learn from me is don't do what I've done. And just to not get in your head. I'm happy that I decided to you know, pick myself up and go through this lip sync. I'm proud of myself. [sorrowful music] Really, what I've learned from this experience is always keep your head up in hopes and faith. Believe in yourself, even when people say it's not gonna happen, believe in yourself. And stick with a positive mind. Make your dreams come true and just take full advantage of any opportunity. It's gonna happen. [sorrowful music] [inspirational tune] Oh my God! [shouts] This is going to be interesting. [sighs] Well, you know, I did my best of what I could do. I finally made it to RuPaul's Drag Race. I've been auditioning and auditioning and finally made it on. Didn't think I would make it this far. But I did. Wish I could've went a little further. But I did what I could do. Did what I could do. Why am I getting emotional? But... Nina Bo' Nina Brown made it on Drag Race, they can't say I didn't make it on. And hopefully this will open other doors to bigger things. And hopefully this isn't the end of my journey. I really wish I wasn't a padding queen. Why can't I have silicone like Trinity so I don't have to pack all this [bleep]! Girls, you got me through season nine. Not to the end, but you did a good job and I really appreciate you for all you've done for me. Thanks. Oh my God! They actually love me! I felt like Ru genuinely like understood me and I think that's how we connected. I think, I think he's seen a little of me in him. And he rooted for me without saying he was rooting for me through his eyes. And so, what I want to say to Ru is, I hope that I made you proud with what I could do. And um, just thank you. Thank you for giving me a chance. I hope I was able to inspire some people to believe in themselves and have confidence. [inspirational tune] -Bye! -We're gonna miss you. -Thank you for everything. Thank you. Thank you camera people! Sue me.-[RuPaul] Well thank you, ladies. I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. Ladies, you may leave the stage. [tense music] [Sasha] I'm feeling cautiously optimistic like always. But I can't predict what's gonna happen. [Alexis] Shea and Sasha both threw me under the bus on the runway. And the judges see my village people realness as being subpar. So I'm not feeling safe right now. -Okay, cameras ready? [Crew 1] Set. [Crew 2] Set. -All right. Clap slate. [Crew] Set. [Director] All right Josh, please let them in. [sighs] [Sasha] So I just want to start out by saying, specifically to you, Alexis. 'Cause I threw you under the bus. I feel like, like there are ways that you can go even further to be the fullest Alexis Michelle fantasy. And honestly, I think based on the critiques it will be probably the two of you lip syncing. -And in all honesty, the reason why I picked you, Alexis, is because I can see you having these like struggles. And maybe I could've been a better sister and tried to talk you up and encourage you more. But at this point in the game, I was really focused on trying to get my [bleep] done myself. And I just felt that this week just wasn't your strongest week. We had to name somebody and that's the way the cookie crumbles, it's tough. -I actually take the two of you picking me as a compliment. Because I think y'all know that I'm fierce competition. And it would be convenient to get rid of me tonight. -The reason, I just want to say. I mean, you are fierce competition, you are sickening, I love you. This is not my favorite outfit. I do not like the skirt, girl. We didn't have a chance to talk about it. You didn't ask my opinion. Truthfully, that is why I chose to select you. It's not personal, it's my taste. -I definitely went for like a modern ready to wear thing. -And they wanted more focus on fashion. -I don't think that there's anything- Even though I wanted it to look like something wearable, there's nothing ready to wear about this corset. I'm gagging, if I gag anymore, I'm gonna lose stones. I appreciate that like the skirt is very ready to wear. It's definitely, you buy it at Saks after going and seeing the runway show, I get it. I don't see high fashion in all of you. Trinity, I love your look. I think that you're walking the costume line just a little. -I love costumes. -And Peppermint, I'm so sorry. But for me, this looks like a less expensive costume. -It was less expensive. I'm the only one here, no shade to anybody, who's wearing every single thing except for this and these boots that didn't get actually made from just a square of fabric. -Girl no please, the only thing that I'm wearing that I didn't make... -Okay, the two of us. ...is my hat and my shoes. -And it's leather, and it doesn't go through the sewing machine very well. And I don't sew. So yes, it is tacky. Leatherman on a drag show will always be costume. [Peppermint] So I'm fine with it. And it I think it's super tacky and costumey . Look, it's not even leather! It's pleather! It's plastic! -And I'm not clocking your work. You worked your ass off, for sure. -I know I did. So I'm okay with it. [Trinity] This is the- This is the thing about this, I love what you're wearing because it looks like something you would wear. If I- If I would've gotten Native American, I would've done it how I did the Indian costume. I love drag, I love costume, I love tacky! I- Glue, anything I can find, I'ma glue on it! Fourteen patches, okay! I mean I told- I don't love your hair. I would've did a side- [Alexis] A braid. Braid! I told you that, though. If you decide to go with your vision, that's your vision. But, I would've also had feathers sticking out of my ass. [chuckles] [Trinity] I mean. [Crew] Ladies. We have a special message today. -Oh [bleep]. [Alexis' mom] Hi Alex! So excited to send you a message as you've arrived in Hollywood. I love the RuPaul quote that we're born naked and everything else is drag. You have the love and the passion for the stage from age three when you played the role of Ferdinand the bull. [Alexis' step-dad] I'm so proud of you. And I still remember when as a little kid, you would go around and tell people you got your good singing voice from me, even though I'm your step-dad. So I love that quasi-genetic connection. -You came so close to not applying to "RuPaul's Drag Race" this year. I'm so glad you did. [Alexis' step-dad] This is a dream come true. Come back with the dream. -Bring home that crown! [Alexis' mom] Go for number one! [Alexis' step-dad] Love you! Bye! [Sasha] That was beautiful. That was really beautiful to see. -You okay? Don't lose a lash. -I miss them a lot. [Peppermint] How'd it feel to hear their voice? [Shea] She's feeling a lot of emotions. [Alexis] I'm so fortunate to have the kind of support that I've had from my family. Um... I know that just by being here and by getting this far is not letting them down. But it would just be hard to come this close and you know, have to go home right now. So I don't want to. -Just remember, everything happens for a reason. There's a reason why we made it this far. And for one of us, it's gonna be the last time. And whose ever turn it is to go lip sync just do your best. And know that this is top five out of fourteen girls out of the whole country. [chuckles] [Shea] Right! [Sasha] Yeah, this is huge. -Like this was not easy. And it was a feat in itself. And your life is gonna change after this, no matter what. [Trinity] So don't go into this last bit of the night in a negative mindset. Because for two people, we've got to lip sync. -Yeah. [Trinity] And... You want to do your best. [Alexis] Yeah. -So get out of your head. [Alexis] Okay. -And remember why you're here. And put that energy into something positive and fun. Because that's inevitably what's gonna keep you here. That's inevitably what's gonna make you win. -Okay, I'm gonna go get my iPod. [Offscreen] -All right, girl. [Peppermint] I'm gonna go pee. [Alexis] Thanks girls. [Shea] Yes, you're welcome. -Stones! Stones! -If only I could get stones! [groans] My [bleep] is burning boots, bitch! [indistinct chatter] [Sasha] I love all of these girls. And I've- I've felt it was hard to say things negatively because when you're already feeling critiqued and worried it's hard to hear people that you care about. -I would be like oh yeah. -Echo those concerns. -Not to read you... ...'cause I'm gonna read you a little bit. It's like they pick and choose things. Like your rainbow wasn't rainbow at all but they loved it. [Sasha] Mm-hmm. -You know, if it's not up to the challenge, it doesn't matter if somebody sold it or not, they didn't do the challenge. -Well, here's my thing. When it comes to fashion, a really wonderful piece of advice I got from someone is fashion does two things that you should always pay attention to. How it makes you feel and how it makes other people feel when they see you in it. Wasn't necessarily all the colors of the rainbow. If it had been more electric- -Right if the colors had been more electric. -Would it have changed the way that they felt? Because they literally called me out and they said, "Girl" they said "Shea Miss Couleé, that was not rainbow, mama." However, you made us feel good. The way that you came out here. The way that you sold it. The way that you wore it, you know. That dress is sickening! -No, I'm not saying, I'm not taking away from the dress. The dress is amazing. -I totally understand that, but- -You decided that this would work because it was close enough and it was a dress that you loved. [Shea] Yeah. It was colorful, it felt like it had a lot of colors in it. [Shea] The majority of my outfit was color! -I'm not saying, oh my rainbow look was better than yours. [Shea] And no, and I understand. -'Cause mine was you know. -It was what it was. [Shea] Trinity, I understand your point as well. What I was trying to do was help you understand their point of view. Because like you've been in a pageant system which I know, you know, tends to be a little bit more rigid and by the books. -Ladies, five-minute warning. [Offscreen] Thank you, five. [Nick] Five minutes to main stage. [melancholy tune] [Alexis] I'm potentially facing the end of my journey here at "Drag Race". And it's just heartbreaking. A process eight years in the making and I finally made it and I made it all this way. Having my dream slip away right now would be one of the biggest heartbreaks I've ever felt in my life. This isn't where I want this to end. I want to take this all the way. I know that I have what it takes to win the whole shebang. So I have to fight. Show them, make them see that this is for me. [music continues] [Peppermint] I wasn't feeling very confident about what I presented today. But I don't want to go home. And I don't want to have to lip sync for my life, either. I'm not gonna win this competition if I'm not in the top four. And this is the moment that decision will be made. So I have to slay this lip sync. [Director] All right ladies, time to go to main stage. Time to go. Got to go. Got to go. [tense music] [grunts] -Okay, oh my God. [Crew] All right, ladies. Let's walk. [Crew] All right, ladies we are walking! [Crew] Walking, walking. [Offscreen] It's right there. [Crew] Ladies we've got to go now! [Trinity] Will you carry this? I got to put on my gloves. [RuPaul] Welcome back, ladies. Based on your performances in the gayest ball ever, I've made some decisions. Alexis Michelle. Peppermint. I'm sorry, but you are up for elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! [suspenseful tune] [RuPaul] Ladies, I've made my decision. Peppermint, shantay you stay. Alexis Michelle, to misquote Liza Minnelli, if you can make it here, you can make it anywhere! -Thank you so much! [giggles] -Now, sashay away. [applause] -Dream big, my girls. [glum music] [whimpers] [RuPaul] Well look at you! My fab four! Con-drag-ulations! And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gon' love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? [All] Amen! [RuPaul] Now let the music play! [music continues] [Alexis] I feel like my "Drag Race" life is flashing before my eyes. I'm thinking about what could've been. What I should've done differently. It's so surreal, it's like a total out of body experience. I feel like the last eight years of my life have come down to this moment. And I feel like the dream is ending. [whimpers] [Alexis] As far as I've come, I'm my toughest critic and I always push myself for more. I don't want to settle, I don't want to rest. I want to be the best I can be. And this moment doesn't feel the best I can be. [music continues] Oh my goodness! Come on, suitcase, let's go. Let's do this. Oh a big box! Maybe Shangela's inside. Time to pack. Oh the girls left me notes. [sighs] "I'm so happy I got to meet you. Please keep in touch, you're so amazing. Trinity." Oh! Trinity! Oh my God, my girls. [mournful music] [Alexis] It's hard to get this close to the finish line and have to pack my bags. But it's a big accomplishment for sure. I just always felt this connection to Ru and felt like somehow being part of Ru's world was part of my destiny. And it really messed with my head all these years, trying out for the show and not getting on. 'Cause I thought like, did you imagine it? Is that not really something that's ever gonna come true? But the fact that it did come true and I got to be here and I got to be around Ru. And I got to make Ru laugh. Like... ...it's a special experience I'll take with me for the rest of my life. Oh, here she is, boys. Here she is, world. It's Liza! I'm forever going to treasure that I won the Snatch Game. I hope Liza likes it. [laughs] Didn't wear this gorgeousness. I almost wore this for the roast. Oh another pretty dress I didn't wear on the show. [Alexis] I will definitely say that the best drag on this rack did not get worn. I was thinking about wearing this next week. Oh well! Maybe for "All Stars". Bye work room. Oh, one sec. [Alexis] I've always been a big dreamer. And like, you know, you hear people when they win an award saying "Don't give up on your dreams." And this really makes me a believer in that statement. Like it happened this time, like it's real. Don't give up on your dreams.[RuPaul] Thank you, ladies, for being so honest and moving us so deeply. Now while you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. You may leave the stage. [sultry music] [Shea] Being in the top four feels so good! I have wanted this for so long. I feel so proud that I am doing well for me and for Chicago. I can just smell that top three spot. Mm! Give me the crown, girl, 'cause it's as good as mine. [Trinity] I cannot believe that I am in the top four. Actually, I can believe that I'm in the top four. I worked really hard and I deserve to be here. But I have to focus on the fact that there's still more competition to go and I want to win. We're so close to the end and I want to be America's next drag superstar. [music continues] -Clap slate. [Director] All right, Josh you can send them in. [offscreen] Walking, walking. [sighs] [Sasha] Food! [Trinity] Oh my God, yes! [Sasha] Yas! [Shea] The last supper! -The last supper. -Last supper. -Oh my God. I don't know what this is but I want it. -Oh my God there's like [bleep] ice cream sundaes over there and pizza? [Peppermint] There's ice cream?! [Trinity] This looks delicious! [Peppermint] I'm gonna eat. [Trinity] Thank you Hamburger Mary's! [Offscreen] Thank you Hamburger Mary's. [Offscreen] I love Hamburger Mary's. [Sasha] Can you sit? [chuckles] [Shea] Woo! Oh my God you guys, that was our last runway! I was really emotional for so many reasons. Like I really love you all so, so much. -I feel the same way. -You guys are just my sisters. -I feel the same. -And I'm definitely gonna miss you guys. [Sasha] I know! Isn't that crazy? -I'm so excited to go home, I really am. But like 'cause I want to see the family that I've created there. But you know, we've definitely created a family here. And it's been under the most difficult circumstances I've ever had to deal with in my professional life. And I just think the world of each and every one of you. [Sasha] I feel the same way. [Shea] You know, like... [Sasha] I feel totally the same way. We have helped each other shift and grow and change and we've built each other up in moments where we needed it. -Yeah. And I think that like if this where drag is going, then the queer world is in good hands, ladies. -Yas like yas! -'Cause this is a really magical, this is a really magical room. -There's so many queens that just are missing that sisterhood. [Sasha] Yeah. -And that kind of exchange. It's important that connection I think, and we have it. -Yes! [Trinity] This has been a very emotional... [Shea] Day. [Trinity] Day. -I was like literally on the verge of tears the entire time up there. Because you know, I'm just like I'm gonna miss standing on this runway and hearing everyone's voices. You're just all so special to me. Like girl, when I get attached y'all better be ready. -I'm ready! -'Cause I'm-- [laughs] -Who's that at the door? Oh Shea! [Shea] Shea! You gon' be like, "Why won't this bitch stop texting me?" In the morning like, "Hey Peppermint. How was your day?" [chuckles] [Shea] You're gonna be like- -Hey boo. -I be like, "Hey Trinity. Send me selfies of you and your dogs." -Yes I will! [Shea] Yes. -And my menses. [Shea] Yes. -I'll be like, look what I got in my bed. [Shea] Yes! Be sending me them snaps. [Sasha] Be like, "Excuse me sir, I need to take a picture for my sisters." [all laugh] [Sasha] Group text, perfect. [indistinct chatter] [Trinity] He took a picture of it really close, then sent it to me and said "Look what I'm doing!" I was like, "What the [bleep]?!" [Offscreen] Ew! [Trinity] And he's like, "What? I'm eating donuts." [Offscreen] I would've been like, "Ew!" -So guys, uh, how would you say this competition has changed your drag? -I came here feeling like I was gonna have to defend the drag that I do. And I kind of like I came here with my eyebrow painted on like a big like "[bleep] you to your standards of like drag beauty." [Shea] Uh-huh. -And the response that I got was like your drag is beautiful. Why are you like yelling at us? [chuckles] Yes! Like we're there for it! And I feel like I've had to accept that I am a stunning and beautiful queen. And that my weirdness is just like the flavor of that beauty. [Trinity] Yeah. [Shea] Yeah. [Sasha] And I like I trust myself and my abilities. And I don't feel defensive about my drag. I feel like I've fully embodied it, and I was not able to say that before. -This competition has changed my drag in the element of me being able to really fully and deeply trust other drag queens. [Sasha] Mm. -And to be able to learn from them. And to openly say, "Hey, I'm learning from you." It's just like I'm learning and I'm watching these techniques that Trinity's doing or Peppermint's doing or Sasha's doing. -And I watch you guys. -Yeah. [Shea] 'Cause this is a learning experience too, you know what I'm saying? And I feel like my drag is now richer and deeper and more complex than it was when I came here. -Mm-hm. -I kind of feel the same way. You all have like really opened up my mind. Like that is the biggest change for me, here. Is that I just don't think the same way. -That's beautiful. -And um... It's been hard. It's been hard to like come here feeling like you are at the top of your game and then, and then realize that you know, you have a lot of learning to do. And especially about yourself. -Yeah. -And you guys have been a great support system and great teachers to me. So I really appreciate that. -One thing about you too is like you do have this fierce confidence about you, Trinity. But you have enough humility to understand, "I'm sickening but I can still grow." -Thank you. -Aww feelings! [chuckles] -Girl hello, and something I just thought they were gone, bitch! What about you, Peppermint? [sighs] -Um, my drag has changed in that it's now completely fortified by my existence as a transwoman. Which for so long I had to build a really, really strong wall between those two things to keep them separate. Because I only wanted people to know one or the other. If you knew me as a transwoman, you didn't know that I did drag. And if you knew me as a drag queen, I had to hide the fact that I was trans from you. And it was like, it was leading a double life! And that was exhausting! [Shea] Yeah. -So I had a chance to really come out of my closet. Not only to you ladies and the world, but to myself. And so that's how my drag has, has grown just being here. -I think this season is gonna be revolutionary because of what you've brought to it. [Shea] Yeah. -And when Ru showed you the picture of yourself and asked you talked to the four year old without gendering it all. -I really appreciated that. -I thought, this is a lesson in how people can talk with respect and how you can still be a part of the exact same conversation. -I yeah. Obviously, I was very emotional. [Sasha] Yeah. -And I was not expecting that. Were you ladies expecting that? -No. -I wasn't expecting that and it being emotional at all. -I wasn't, yeah I wasn't expecting how hard it would be to talk, to look at myself and talk. -It really is. -Oh yes! -Talk to her. You said something that really touched me, which was that you thanked, you thanked little Shea. Lil Shea. -Yeah because now I'm a modified version of that really authentic three year old that existed. You know, before school and kids and being bullied and all of that. That, that three year old was fierce and fearless and just so dynamic. And I lost a lot of that light going through a lot of experiences in life. And um, I've had to hold tight onto that true blue individual that would go in and put on mama's bathing suit and be like "Hey!" You know? -Can we toast to our time here? -Yes, let's toast, honey! -Toast. -Ladies, to- -A super fine season nine! [Peppermint] Super four. -Season nine, top four, and whoever moves onto top three and which ever one of us ends up taking home the crown. Congratulations and cheers. -Super fine season nine, top four forever more. [shouts] -I will drink to that, ladies! -I need to add somethin'! I need to add somethin'! [Peppermint] Oh, oh, oh. -Penis! [shouts] [indistinct chatter] [Ofscreen] Girl! [Offscreen] I know, honey! [Offscreen] Yeah, I like you. Yeah bro! -Who you think is going to be top three? -I definitely think you will be in the top three because of all those wins. And- -Girl, you have more wins than me, you're for sure top three. -Well I was saying you first out of courtesy. -Oh thanks. -I definitely think you and I will both be in the top three. -I agree with you. -But regardless of who makes it, we have left our mark on this competition. -Yeah. -And that is what matters. And when we leave here, I just can't wait to like- -Go to the bookstore. -Yeah, go to a bookstore. [chuckles] You're so stupid! -Go to the spa. -Yeah, go to the spa. Well, I did win a trip to the spa. -Are we going to the spa? -Yeah, girl we going to the spa. -We're gonna get massages, manicures, haircuts. [Trinity] We weren't talking about that kind of spa, honey. -Pedicures, butt facials. -Oh we're talking about adult spas? -A men's spa. -Oh dear, but where's the men? -I don't know. -I only see ladies here. -Have any of y'all ever been to one of those? [Shea] Mm-hmm. [Trinity] You have? -Mm-hmm. -Have you, Sasha? -Mm-hmm. -I've never done that. -It's fun! -Mm-hmm. -I'm just so self-conscious to do something like that. -Why? -I don't know. -Girl, the lights are low. -Girl, you're sexy. -I'm just sayin'. Next time you come to Chicago, maybe we'll take a little trip. -No! [Sasha] We'll all go together! [Shea] Yeah we'll all go together! No it's really fun when you go with friends, girl! And then you're all like "Okay, you go this way and then I'm gonna go this way." -No! And then all of a sudden, Kim Chi' sucking your [bleep]! [Trinity] No! -No, girl, Kim Chi is not gonna suck your [bleep] unless it comes with a side of fries. Okay? [Director] Ladies, five minutes. Five minutes to main stage. [Offscreen] Thank you. -That's all I need with you, honey. That's all I need with you. -Um, okay, I want each of us to do a runway walk, an explanation of the outfit. Starting with Peppermint. [Peppermint] Okay. [Sasha] Come on, girl! [Peppermint] I'll start. [Sasha and Trinity singing] ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Runway Run-run-run-runway ♪ ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Runway Run-run-run-runway ♪ [Shea singing] ♪ Bring it to runway♪ ♪ Bring it the runway ♪ [All] ♪ What category are we on right now ♪ ♪ What category are we on right now ♪ ♪ What category are we on right now ♪ Wh- wh- wh- wh- what? Bring it! [Peppermint singing] ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Runway Run-run-run-runway ♪ ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Runway Run-run-run-runway ♪ ♪ Bring it to the Bring it to the ♪ ♪ Bring it to the Bring it to the ♪ [All] ♪ What category are we on right now ♪ ♪ What category are we on right now ♪ ♪ What category are we on right now ♪ ♪ What category ♪ [mimic record scratching] [Peppermint] Next up, Miss Sasha Velour! [Sasha] Give me the beat! [All] ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Runway Run-run-run-runway ♪ ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Runway Run-run-run-runway ♪ ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Runway Run-run-run-runway ♪ ♪ Bring it to the ♪ ♪ Bring it to the ♪ ♪ Bring it to the ♪ ♪ Bring it to the ♪ ♪ Ga, ga, ga, ga, ga ♪ ♪ What category are we on right now ♪ ♪ What category are we on right now ♪ [Peppermint] And boom! And now, ladies and gentlemen, Miss Shea Couleé. [All] ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Runway! Run-run-run-runway ♪ ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Runway! Run-run-run-runway ♪ ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Runway! Run-run-run-runway ♪ ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Bring it to the runway ♪ ♪ Ga, ga, ga, ga, uh, uh, uh ♪ ♪ What category are we on right now? ♪ What category are we on right now ♪ ♪ What category are we on right now ♪ ♪ What category Bring it ♪ -Oh my dear! -I'm out of breath. I'm out of breath. [Director] Ladies, time to go to main stage! Time to go! [Peppermint] All right, let's go. [Shea] Wait, wait, wait, wait. Before we all go to the main stage. Can we all do like a little group hug? [Trinity] Yes! [Shea] For like one last time. [Shea] Can we do it over here? [Trinity] Let's go over here. [Offscreen] Yes! All right. Sorry. [Shea] All right, final four. I love you guys! [Peppermint] I love you so much! [shouting] -Y'all need a mint. -You have one? -Where are yours? -Y'all all ate em' bitch! -You need a mint too! -I need a mint too! -I know, I smell barbecue. [Director] All right ladies! Got to go! -All right. -Girl look at this! I have like cry tears. Why didn't anybody tell me this? [Sasha] I didn't notice. -Look underneath my eyes, it's like horrible looking. -Oh I thought that's how you had done it. -You shady bitch! -No I really did, I liked it. -Can I like touch up a little bit. -Look at this. -All right, ladies. We'll do touch ups over there. Got to walk, got to walk. Now, they need you over on main stage. -We are not gonna do touch ups over there. Girl please! -Y'all are so shady. Look underneath my eyes, y'all didn't tell me nothin'. -I still don't see it and I also had a full glass of Tequila so. -Oh my God. [Director] Peppermint? [Peppermint] I'm coming. [tense music] [RuPaul] Welcome back, ladies. All season long, you've worked your big ol' booties off. And each of you has more than earned your spot on this stage tonight. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! [suspenseful music] Ladies, I've made my decision. Tonight, I've decided... ...to eliminate... ...no one. All four of you are moving forward to the grand finale of RuPaul's Drag Race. How you like them apples? -I love 'em girl! -Oh they real sweet! -My top four queens, the race has never been so close. Now, remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell are you gon' love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? -Amen! -Can I get a whoop whoop? -Whoop whoop! -Can I get a she done already done had herses! -She done already done had herses! -All right, now let the music play! ["Kitty Girl" by RuPaul plays] [Trinity] I've learned a lot about myself. The body is here bitches! -Trinity, I wrote, "Holy [bleep]." [Gaga] Just perfect. [Trinity] I came into this thinking that I knew everything about drag. -You have a very serious like, "Bitch don't [bleep] with me." -I've got fifty units of Botox in my face, girl. I don't know what y'all want from me. [Trinity] Through this journey, I loved the challenge of creating some really amazing looks. -You being a pageant queen, you weren't afraid to be ugly. -Ow! -You ready? [Shea] Hell no, bitch. [Trinity] I was able to meet some incredible people that now are my family. It's taken a lot for me to open up to people. And it's been incredible. I'm just grateful for this opportunity to have been on this journey. That have seriously changed my life. [Peppermint] The biggest thing that I've learned about myself through this process is that when I put my mind to it, I can really, really achieve a lot more than I expected. My journey during the competition, it was unlike anything I've ever done before. Hey! -Peppermint, you are beautiful. [Gaga] You don't have to worry about being gorgeous, you are already gorgeous. [Peppermint] I've learned so much and I think I definitely have grown. -Peppermint, what words of wisdom would you share with your four-year-old self? -Everything you feel on the inside is right. Don't wait to express it because the moment you realize that, everyone else will. [Peppermint] I met some great girls. And I made some great friends. I have absolutely no regrets. And I'm really proud. I'm really happy at what I achieved. [Sasha] This was an intense experience. Especially as a weird, nonconventional, artsy queen. [screams] -Sasha, so stunning, so stunning. -Thank you. [Sasha] Going through this journey has taught me so much about myself. -Sasha Velour! -Slam dunk. [Michelle] I'm loving seeing this other side of you. [Sasha] I've realized that my perspective on drag comes through and I don't need to sell it so hard. I don't need to explain it all the time. And that is a position of power that I've never felt before. I'd kai kai with you, darling. [Sasha] I don't think I expected to make friends at all here. 'Cause we could not be more dissimilar in terms of our styles of drag. [shouting] [Sasha] And yet we still get each other. I feel really, deeply connected to these amazingly talented queens. [Shea] Being one of the top four girls is a dream come true. My name is Shea Couleé and I didn't come to play, I came to slay. -Shea Couleé you have a beautiful face. [Gaga] You remind me of Grace Jones the way that you walk in. [Shea] Coming into this competition, I knew that it was going to be the hardest most challenging experience of my life. But I knew that I could do it if I just put my mind to it. And being here doing all these hard ass challenges, It has allowed me to really enjoy being a drag queen. Pop off this fake Bouboutin bitch! [Shea] Having the personal win of being able to excel at all these challenges... That is a really major accomplishment. I just want to own it and be the star that I always knew that I could be. [mid-tempo music] -Ugh, I don't even know where to start. -How do I open this bag? This is a pretty dress I didn't wear. A little mint number. -Oh my God. How in the hell was I able to fit all this in one suitcase. I swear to God. -To all the young trans people who are inspired enough to do drag or already do drag, drag can be for anybody and it's definitely for you. -There is room in this world for so many different types of beauty so many different types of drag. And it's our job as people who can think of new ways to do, to go about those things to like go for it. -It doesn't matter how much experience you have with drag or how old you are, just work really hard and stay focused. Stay true to yourself and listen to your heart. -Fully commit to your dreams because if you don't do things or you prevent yourself from doing things out of fear, you'll only live to regret it. [All] Whoo! [Trinity] Top four, top four! [Trinity] Yas! [screams] [Trinity] You know, life is gonna throw you curve balls left and right. And there's always obstacles for everybody. But it's not really necessarily about all the wins, it's more about the journey along the way. [Shea] I followed my dreams and it got me all the way here so. If there's anything that you want to do, regardless of how crazy or wild it may seem to like anybody else in the world, just go for it. [Peppermint] All these experiences really just get you all the way around the circle to become the person that you were always meant to be. [Sasha] Just be in the moment and keep being confidently weird. 'Cause there's real, real power in that. -Yay we're happy! Oh look at you. [mid-tempo music] -Bye. [Trinity] Oh wait! -See you at the finale! -Girl! -I ain't trying to hug you, bitch. Bye! -Bye Trinity! -Congratulations! -Thank you! -Top four bitches! See you at the finale! [Trinity] Now let's go home! [Peppermint] Bye![Director] To the main stage. All cameras re-boot. [RuPaul] Nina Bo' Nina Brown. Alexis Michelle. Sasha Velour. Aja. Cynthia Lee Fontaine. Farrah Moan. Peppermint. Eureka. You may leave the stage. [pop tune] - The judges announced that I'm safe. And I'm so excited I made it through the first elimination. Yay! [gasps] [chuckles] - I feel like when it's time for me to win a challenge, I'll win a challenge. But if I got to be safe right now, that's okay. - Cynthia Lee Fontaine is back in the house! Are you ready to see my cu-cu again?! Yes! [chuckles] - All right, ready? Cameras good? All right. Clap please. Standby, cameras ready. [Director] Three, two, one. - Farrah. Oh so excited. - Cocktails! - Yes! Thank you Jesus. - Oh my (bleep) God. - Ladies. - We made it y'all! We're safe-ish. - We made it to the third episode. - This is when (bleep) is gonna get really crazy though. [Offscreen] Girl, we didn't win, but we're safe. Okay? - Who peed their pants in that damn stage? Not literally. - I thought we were gonna be the worst and the best. [Offscreen] No, I knew when they didn't call Shea. I knew when they didn't call Shea. -Exactly. -That they were top. Shea turned it out. - Yeah, Shea's the top girl. [Offscreen] Shea really turned it out. - She is. - You don't think it's Trinity? - In the top, as the best? No, I think Shea took this one. [Offscreen] She did. - You know what? Everybody shut up. - What bitch? It's my first Untucked with my season nine sisters! [cheering] Yes! Cu-cu's happy! [overlapping cheers] [Offscreen] Cheers to the season nine ladies! [Offscreen] Cheers to too much cu-cu on Drag Race. - Okay, after this celebration of this happiness, now let's throw the shade, girl! [Offscreen] Who's bottom two? [Eureka] I think the bottom two could possibly be Kimora and Jaymes. - Charlie will be saved by what he served on the runway. [Offscreen] But, but, but. - I also thought that you were gonna be in the top, Eureka. - I thought I was gonna be on the bottom! - Eureka, you turned it out! - You sold it, you were selling it. You kicked high. [Offscreen] Right. - And girl look at you now. This look... -Oh my God you guys! -Girl. - I for sure thought you were tops. - Girl, I will never be a top. But I can hope to be on the top. [laughter] [Offscreen] I have a question real quick. I just want to know; how did I do as a captain? Be honest. ♪♪ - So... [Offscreen] We will be very honest. - Don't read me honey. -No here's the thing, Nina. -Okay. I already, you know, we talked about it. And we made that (bleep) happen as a team. - We did. - You definitely went through some time when you were doubting yourself. - Mmm-hmm. - And we had to just say, "Girl you got this, keep going, keep going." [Aja] No, can I say this? You were really going through a lot. Because like, you sat there and you were like, "I ain't gonna win, I ain't gonna do that." - I can't, I can't. - But none of us really wanted to like touch on it because we knew that you know, we didn't really want to make that the focus of everything. But girl, you have to like believe in yourself. -[Offscreen] Yes! -Yeah. - The pros for Nina are that she's very unique. I love her drag aesthetic that she's very real. But at the same time, it seems like Nina is her worst enemy. Nina gets in her head way too much. And when she does, it can be a little negative to the people around her. That's not gonna do well for her in this competition. [Eureka] My turn, really quick. Just 'cause you all talked about her for a minute. I want to talk about Cynthia. - Yes! [Offscreen] Miss Cu-cu! - Thank you mis amores, see you later! [laughter] - But honestly, like you let all of us have a voice and you were the first one there to help every single one of us get ready and the other team on top of that. So to me, that makes an amazing leader. [Offscreen] You made everybody panties bitch! [Offscreen] I'm honored to be team cu-cu! - I have one thing to say to you Cynthia. Could you please put a larger stone on that dress, they're so small. - Oh! [laughter] - Bitch, she has about 17 appliques on her-- - Do you want to swing on my chandelier? [overlapping cheers and laughter] [Offscreen] Sing it Sia! Sing it Sia! - This is acting. [Alexis] You know what? I see something now that I actually, It's because I'm seeing you in person all painted. Has anybody ever told you, you look a little bit like Audrey Hepburn? [Offscreen] Yes, I totally see that. - Don't you see it? [screams] - She's one of my inspirations for drag. [Offscreen] I see that. [Offscreen] Cynthia! - Breakfast at Cynthia's! - Hashtag Breakfast with Cu-cu! [laughter] - Desayuno at Cynthia's! [Offscreen] Me neither. I was just trying to make sure. [Offscreen] Exactly. I didn't fuck up. [Offscreen] I didn't shave my underarms! [Offscreen] Damn! - Since this is Rupaul's Best Friend Race right now. Let's talk about who we think is the most annoying. -Um. -You! - Really bitch! What have I done to you? [Farrah] I'm literally kidding. - I'ma fight her. [shouting] [Sasha] Aja you are very loud. - Do you think I'm loud? - You are loud. - Or do you think I'm annoying? [Farrah] I just wish you would listen to other people sometimes. 'Cause there have been times when I've tried to like talk to you about something and you just completely ignore my whole existence. - I mean I don't know how someone could ignore your highlight girl, but. [laughter] - Girl, I'm really sorry if I've ever ignored you. I don't like intentionally do that. - Well I now you don't do it intentionally because we've, you were all like, "Girl I'm always like all over the place" so-- - You might be blonde, but I'm probably the blondest here, like. - I actually have a tie for the two most annoying people. And Alexis, you're one of them. [Alexis] Bitch! - You take yourself so seriously, girl. - No but why, why girl? - To me, you have this condescending tone about your voice. That like, you'll say something and it comes off very rude. Like just intense and I'm just like I really need you to step back and take a breath. - I know that I'm intense. I'm in my head so like I know how intense it is in there. All I can say is there's been so much anticipation for me to get here. -Yeah. -Yeah! - This is a crazy experience. And I feel that intensity and that pressure. So please like know that you know, I'm sorry that I came off that way but it's not who I am. I'm a big goofball, and I'm very emotional. I'm very sensitive. - I was really actually surprised. Like getting to like hang out with you. [Alexis] Right. [Aja] And see that you were like this like crazy bitch and like seeing-- - I'm a nut job, girl. - Girl, you're crazy! - I'm a nut job. - This crazy horny bitch! That's who you are bitch. - Now that's the damn truth! [Offscreen] I know. The horniness, I was like oh! [RuPaul] Nina Bo' Nina Brown Zeta Jones! [Offscreen] Whose ass is-- [Offscreen] Yes. [Offscreen] Girl! - How's everybody's body feeling right now? [all in unison] Girl! - I need some Epsom mother (bleep). [laughter] - I have one thing to say! Drag is not a contact sport but now it is. - Can we all agree that this is the most physical challenge ever in Drag Race history. - This is the most physically straining challenge ever. - It is, it is. - All the drag queens, literally whether they were dancers or not, became trick queens today. - Bitch. [Eureka] Right? - Yas! - Am I the only one who though, "Oh cheerleading girl, we're gonna be like one, two, yeah!" - At the end they were like, "Oh we're gonna do the pyramid now." You know I thought we would be on our hands and knees. Stacking on each other. - I know that each and every person had at least one moment where you were like, "Oh (bleep), I could die." Like everyone had that moment. [Offscreen] We, we-- - Girl, can we just have a cheers to surviving this (bleep) cheerleading like bull crap. - Girl, I'm out of drink. - Cheers! [Farrah] I wonder how the other queens are doing. - Girl, they've been gone for a long time. - A long time. - I know, we've already finished our (bleep) cocktails. - Can we get another one? - Can someone get me another? - Refill! [RuPaul] Thank you, ladies. I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. [Offscreen] She was like oh she has a toothache. Oh no, that's just a whitening strip. [laughter] - I say hello! - Yes! - Welcome back girls! [Offscreen] Who was on top? [Offscreen] Oh my God! She looks happy. - She's happy. -She looks very happy. -She's happy. - You have all got- - Oh my God, everybody sit down, shut up. I want to hear what they have to say. - Honestly, I really think that Valentina might have it. [Offscreen] Yeah Valentina looked happy as (bleep). Why don't you start girl. What's the tea? [Offscreen] I know, you're glowing. [Offscreen] She's a glowing bride! [Offscreen] What'd they say about you, Valentina? - Um, Michelle really loved my level of commitment when I was in the wings or when we were not filming, that I was just smiling. But that's just me. [laughter] And the B-52's really loved me. [Offscreen] You look amazing! - Yeah you are. [Valentina] Thanks guys. - And also like her story was so personal about it. And I can tell that the judges really connected with the story that she told. - It's an homage to my favorite person in the whole world, my mother. And I'm very inspired by my mom and dad's wedding video. It's my favorite video as a child. And I watched it until the VHS tape ran out. And my mom, in her hometown of Aguascalientes, Mexico for years was known as the most beautiful bride. And tonight I felt like I was giving that and I love her so much. And I'm so glad that that I got to do this tonight. [Offscreen] Wow. [Offscreen] The judges loved it. - You can't clock this! You can't clock this. - So what did you all get critiqued on as-- [Offscreen] Yeah. [Offscreen] Shea. -Shea did amazing! -Shea. - I called you the winner bitch, so go ahead. [Shea] Um, they really did like my performance. They said that they found me very memorable. [Offscreen] Mmm-hmm. - And they couldn't take their eyes off me. [Offscreen] What did they tell you Trinity? - They loved my, what I did for the-- - For the challenge. - But like, that's what I was nervous about. So then who was the bottom then? Who was the bottom? [Offscreen] Yeah, who was bottom? Charlie? - Well, they loved your runway look. They said that your runway look was top. [Charlie] Love, love, love, love, love. Each one of them loved the runway. - I think the only thing for you was that they just thought-- They just didn't remember you from the challenge. - I was too old. [Offscreen] No. [Offscreen] No, stop! [Offscreen] What about you, Kimora? [Offscreen] Wait, Kimora, what'd they say about you? [Cynthia] Are you okay, amor? [Offscreen] What's up, girl? [Cynthia] Aw, what's up, mami? - Aw, Kimora what's wrong, tell us. [Offscreen] Girl don't start, please. - No, it's just... Like you know like, you know 'cause I came into this competition like, "Oh I got this!" you know? I'm gonna do it. [Offscreen] We all did. - You know, like I've always, I feel like, like I'm here. But it's just like, I'm not here. [Offscreen] You are here. - You know? It's not, I feel like this is not the Kimora that I know. You know? I came to this competition feeling so confident. But today, I'm feeling a little insecure. Because the judges don't play around. And they're not kidding. I have to survive tonight. - Yes ma'am! [applause] [Offscreen] Yaas! [Offscreen] Jaymes, what'd they tell you? [Offscreen] What did they say, Jaymes? - Michelle Visage said she loved the way I pad, my body is great. But Ross Mathews said it felt like I was giving 25%. Which (bleep) hurt. And the thing is, I-- the thing I get back home a lot is that I project off this character and I come off very fake. But it's just, that's the kind of drag I like. I like being very Meta. I like being a character that you talk to as a person. Rather than, here is so and so as this person, dressing up for something. And I don't know, I just feel like I got kind of lost and it just hasn't translated the same way I thought it would in my head. [Offscreen] Do you think that you're a little intimidated with all of these people? - My thing is, when I'm in drag, I feel untouchable. Like I always say it's my gay suit of armor. [Offscreen] Oh. - Whereas outside of it... I don't know, I'm more of a introvert artist where I like to project this huge character. That way, when you have it on, no one can hurt you. - You need to know that what you possess, that strength and that armor that you possess in drag, you have it all the time. And you need to own that. [Offscreen] That's right. - When I look around this room at these really, really strong girls, I just don't see Jaymes fitting into the mix. If this is season nine, I feel like Jaymes is season one. Sorry, girl. - So who do y'all think is bottom two then? - Me and Jaymes. I need to go learn that song, 'cause I'm 90% sure they're getting rid of the old bitch first. [overlapping disagreements] - That's my gut. Gut instinct. [Offscreen] Girl, you need to get over this. Nobody cares. Yes, she's the senior gal of the group. But her look is so fresh! She needs to shake that mentality. - Charlie, don't go there in your head. - I don't know-- - But do learn the song. - I committed to learning that choreography and I pushed my ass -to learn that choreography-- -So you got it, girl. - and I worked my ass off. Could you shut up a second? Um... [intense music] -Really? -Sorry, yeah, sorry. - It was very intense. - Sorry. - I know girl, but you do have the tendency to talk over people. - Everybody here has that tendency! [Offscreen] I know, but-- - Let's please let Charlie talk. Just for a little bit. She just like would like to say something. Just really quick. - Okay, that's fine. She can say what she wants. [Charlie] The thing is, is that I, I gave it my all. And they say, "Well, we didn't remember you." [Valentina] Charlie, may I say something? How old are you again? May you say it, proudly? - I'm fifty (bleep) two! [Valentina] An applause for-- - The 52! - a 52-year-old doing gymnastics. Learning it within two days. [Offscreen] Yes! - I mean, that is... - Can I, where is my bag? - Charlie, please don't give up. - No I'm not, I'm not giving up. - No, 'cause I think you're safe. - I'm not giving up, but-- - You know I live for you, bitch. -You know I live for you. -Thank you. - You know I live for you, girl. Don't ever doubt that girl! -Never doubt that. -Thank you. - Let me also tell you something. -This is gonna keep her here. -Yeah. - So get your mind right. Get your mind- -Go practice your song. -Ice princess. - But get your mind right, 'cause you're not going anywhere. - Right. - I don't want you to go anywhere. You can't leave me here with these bitches, okay? - All right, ladies! This is a five-minute warning! [Offscreen] Thank you five. [Offscreen] Woo ten minutes! -Thank you. -Thank you five. [Offscreen] Thank you, daddy! [mellow music] [Kimora voiceover] I'm worried about my performance. The judges said they lost me. You know, so I could be on the bottom two. But I feel really confident that I'm gonna make it through this lip sync challenge because I am not going home today. I am not going home without a fight. [Jaymes voiceover] There's a very good chance that I might fail at this. And it's a bit overwhelming. I feel like I really put my whole heart into this. And I really want to be here. I really have to rise to the occasion and show that I have what it takes to stand out in this competition. Like, this is my chance to really show everybody what I'm made of and really try my hardest to impress everyone. [indistinct chatter] - All right, ladies! It is that time. Time to go over to the main stage. [Offscreen] Woo! - So ladies, go ahead and follow me, please. Follow me. [Offscreen] Okay. [Director] Follow me, ladies. [Director] Follow me. [suspenseful music] [Sasha] You look really beautiful. [Valentina] You too! [Sasha] You look smart and important. [Valentina] Smart! [Offscreen] Never worn so little makeup. [Offscreen] That black eyebrow with that blonde was killing it, girl! [Offscreen] Don't knock it. [laughs] [RuPaul] Welcome back ladies. I've made some decisions. Jaymes Mansfield. Kimora Blac. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination! The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! [suspenseful music] Kimora Blac... Shante you stay. Jaymes Mansfield, we are all rooting for you. Now, sashay away. - Thank you. Bye. [applause] [Jaymes] I came in first! [laughter] Bye! [sad music] [RuPaul] Con-drag-ulations ladies. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? [all] Amen! All right, now let the music play! [sad music] [Jaymes] I thought if I had to go home I thought at least go home third. It's just, ugh. You don't expect to go home first. It's like your biggest fear in the world. [sad music continues] It's humbling I guess. I mean... You have to really just accept that that some dreams just aren't really meant for you. [sad music continues] Oh, this is my station. I give up. I don't want to pack it, there's so much. Oh Lordy. All my beautiful things I have to put away now. When does the part come where I can steal stuff? It's a little bit of a bummers, packing up all of my clothes. 'Cause all of it's so damn pretty, no one's gonna get to see it. But I'll show it somewhere else. You haven't seen the last of me. I'm not licked yet. It's like a evening gown, clown outfit. Everything I had was so colorful. It's no wonder I went home on a challenge I had to be in all white. Oh, love letters. "It was fun meeting you. Stay amazing, learn to believe in yourself. If you ever need a friend I'm here. Aja." Aww. That was nice. She left her phone number too. She didn't have to do that. I can just go to any bathroom in New York and find it. I was really happy that I got to meet Aja and almost all the girls. I have nothing bad to say about any of them. They're all so beautiful and wonderful and I'm happy I got to know them for as little time as I did. Aww. My little puppet. I was just happy I got to be here. Not a whole lot of other queens get this and even if you don't come in first like I did... There's still a silver lining somewhere. Give those to Nina. Let me grab my makeup, that's the most expensive thing. To say I was overwhelmed is an understatement. Even looking back at it now, it probably wasn't enough. And maybe I could have done more but I was happy with what I showed. And I was true to myself. And that's what matters. The most difficult part of this for me would be just thinking about how many people were rooting for me. And how sad they'll be to see me coming back so soon. [sad music continues] I'd help them but I don't want to. Aw. - Give us a hug. You did an amazing job. - Next time we see you you're gonna be famous. Good luck. We'll see you soon. - I'm gonna miss you most of all. [Producer] Jaymes, any last words you want to say to your fabulous fans? - I love you all and I promise I'm funny. [mouthing] Bye! [sigh] Drive on, I can't do anymore. [Crew] Bye Jaymes! - Bye! [Crew] See you later, love you! - Love you all! Let's go to Chick-fil-A. [electronic music] - Come on, Biggie! - Oh I will have a piece of lime. - We don t know what the next challenge is gonna be. But we know, inevitably, somebody's got to go home. And it's not gonna be me. - I'm gonna sit on this big, black ottoman. - Oh! - [bleep] you bitch! [chuckles] - Nina Bo' Nina fell on the sofina. - And I'm gon' sit on this big, black ottoman. - Sorry sis! - So Untucked, you're allowed to get untucked right? [chuckles] 'Cause y'all know my big ass is hemmed, okay! - Cheers to season nine! [cheering] - To the best- To the best first episode ever! - Gagged by Gaga. - Gagged by Gaga! - Ladies, may I- May I say something? - Please! - No! - I am so shocked and surprised to at this point feel like a genuine kindness from every single one of you. - Yeah! - So far. - Just wait! - It'll probably change for you. [chuckles] - It will change. It will change, but you know what? Think about what it took for all of us to get here. We are all in this together and we know what we're going through. - We know the struggle! - Yeah. - Like girl it was not easy to get here. - This was hard, and it's only just begun. - Girl. - In the next couple weeks, we may have some rough patches. And we will get through this together. - This is a sisterhood! - Not a lot of girls can say that. - That is so true. - It really just sucks that someone is gonna eventually go home. - I was thinking about that earlier because like oh my God, one by one, we're gonna go home. - That's true, but you know what? For me, the real competition, honestly is myself. Like how much I can do on my own, and I think that's the mark of a- of a professional. - I think it's gonna be really hard- - Hey! [overlapping cat calls] - Oh my God! - Aye, dios mio! - That's not the meat I'm looking at! [chuckles] - Hamburger Mary's who wants one? - I'll take a sandwich! I'll take all the beef I can get daddy. Get over here! - Daddy! - So much beef! [chuckles] - I mean, can I just like-? Oh my God! Ah! -Oh my God. -Do you come in a keychain for me to take home? 'Cause oh my God! [indistinct chatter] - Who comes from like a drag family or a drag mom? - I come from a really long line of pageant queens. - My drag family is like the entire community that I live in. My mother is a former U.S. of A at Large. Like she's a wonderful trans woman, extremely powerful and proud. And I think that's what made me strong. We're very, very family oriented. But it's East Tennessee, bitch that's all we know. - Tennessee! - It's God bless ya, honey. And how you doing, honey. [chuckles] - In Las Vegas, we do not have sisterhoods, mama drags, we do not have any of that. That does not exist on that seven-mile street. Like in Las Vegas, you have to go out and manage the [bleep] out of yourselves. If you are not polished and not like put together, you are looked down upon ferociously. - But if you are polished and you are put together, you're paid ferociously. - Paid ferociously. - And freakin' Britney Spears's dancers come to our shows and [bleep] Like J'Lo's dancers, you know what I mean? - It could be anyone watching. And the heat is so high. - Oh I bet. - And you know like, I've never had a drag mom. And I would love to have a mom so that's why I hope you re my mom! - Aw! - Because I've never had a mom! - I'll be your big mama! - I have so many drag children. I like, that's why I got these hips, bitch. - Pushing them all out! - I have a question for you, Kimora. - Yeah! - No shade or anything, honey. Have you had plastic surgery? - No. - Now Kimora says that she hasn t had any plastic surgery. And I'm like... She has the biggest natural cheekbones I have ever seen in my entire life. And they're about the same size as her booty. No work done at all? - No work done. - Hips, ass nothing? - Nothing. - Face? - Nothing on the face, no. - Those cheekbones, girl. - My cheekbones are all mine. If you see my mom, she is full Vietnamese. - Yes. - Oh wow! - And cheekbones for days. - Well I don t know about her, but I haven t had any either. [chuckles] - Honey, this the poster child for silicone! - I think there are more fake parts on me than what's real! - You've had SRS? - But let me tell- No girl! I still have a big ol' penis but- - Allegedly. - Can you show us? - I want to see; can I see? - I really do think that plastic surgery in the drag community is so common! - It is! And I love it! - It's very common. - Who wants to have work done? - I do! I do! You know what? Actually, I think I lied, I think I lied. - You think? - I think I got my lips done. - You think? - Two syringes yes, I do remember. - Was you high Clairee? - She's having memory loss! - She's getting a flash back! - Ladies with the big personalities. I've just noticed something. Miss Mansfield, my darling. - I was thinking the same thing. - You haven t got a word in edge wise. - Have I? - No you haven t. How you feeling? - I'm feeling okay. - Why are you only feeling just okay? - Well I... Feel like I came here with an idea and an understanding of what to expect. And it was nothing like what I expected. - What did you expect? - Girl, I was praying for a sewing challenge. I'll [bleep] sew the house down but it's like- - Do you feel insecure or something? - It's not that I feel insecure. It's just that I... It's hard to say. I think- - Are you overwhelmed? - Not overwhelmed I'd say. But just like- - Y'all stop attacking that poor child! - No, I'm worried. - I think Jaymes is having difficulty because he's not jumping in and trying to fight for that attention. I saw someone pulling back and being a bit weak and looking nervous. So I think- I think Jaymes might be in trouble. - And LA is cutthroat. It is! - It really is! - But back on topic, I want to know who- Who everybody thinks is top three in the challenge. - I would rather figure out who does everybody think would be bottom two if there was a bottom two. - Yes! - I mean that you saw particularly. Is anyone like brave enough to say? - Well this was your question. What is your answer? - Yeah, if you're gonna bring this up and make us all get shady towards each other, you better start, girl. - Yeah, okay I don t mind answering, I'm not afraid to. Um, can I do a three 'cause I don t know if I have two. - Yeah, do a bottom three. - For me, probably her. -Jaymes. -Only because she- - She has a name. - Sorry. I've been calling you Milwaukee so that's what my mind says. I would definitely think you just because you're very separated. And what I've seen is just you not being as like big and over the top. But that could possibly change. You know what I'm saying? - I'm sure you have talents we haven t seen. - Girl I was running around like a chicken with my head cut off getting everything together, girl. - But my three would be, you, you, and me. - Oh come on! You got the loudest reaction from Lady Gaga, RuPaul, Michelle Visage, Ross Mathews. - So why do you think me? - The same reason of Milwaukee. Because you've been kind of standing over there like doing your thing. You know, I haven t seen you a whole lot of like big, your personality. I've seen it one on one, but not like group-wise. In this competition you have to stand out. I feel like Jaymes and Nina have a lot more work to do if they want to progress in this competition. Who else is gonna mention their bottom two? Do you want to say yours? - I'll say mine. When I saw that there were two New York Statue of Liberties. I was like that could be reason enough to get- - I think there were three. - Three Statue of Liberties? - Yeah there were three. - Well mine- mine had it painted on my skirt. - Oh yeah it was on the skirt. - On my pop up, yeah. - But that is New York. I mean, you know, like? - Well the thing is, I feel like we took different interpretations. - We did, we did. - Because I was doing more of like fashion week like a Studio 54 Statue of Liberty. You were doing like fishy, watery, like mermaid Statue of Liberty. - But girls, it is literally the most obvious choice you could've made. - Yeah. - I feel like we were encouraged to think outside the box. They both need to step it up. I think more so than anything, this competition is about like being memorable. - Come through Kimchi! - You know what I'm saying? - Yes. - You know what I'm saying? - Yup! [indistinct chatter] [laughter] - The real question is; raise your hand if you think you're safe. If you feel like you were not in the bottom, you know, raise your hand. - I definitely feel like I was safe. - I'd like to think I'm safe. - Jaymes, you raised your hand and then put it down. - Eh, who am I kiddin'? - I mean I- I kind of think you were safe. I didn t mean to attack or anything. - Who? - You, I just wanted- - No, you were real 'cause no, no. No because like when it happened, I actually, um, doubted myself. 'Cause I was like, what did I sign up for? - I love you. I think your drag is sickening. However, I knew immediately, I saw it in your face when they told us what we had to do. I knew it was going to be a challenge for you to be able to pull that off. I felt like your look wasn t executed to the standard of where you want it to be. - Well because, normally, I like to have time to get ready 'cause I'm a perfectionist. - Right. - So really rushing in. When they say it's a race, they're not playing. - No. - You had your work cut out for you and your look was, I think when coming into the room, one of the strongest, most specific, creative looks. - And you went into another distinctive look. - The biggest transformation. - I can't believe the distinctive two looks you served today. - Three! - Three looks, yeah! - No, no, no, but she did one crazy makeup to another- - Crazy makeup! - That peach looked like her head was a peach, a cartoon peach. Nina Bo' Nina Brown looked so amazing and props to her for doing that makeup change. Work! - For me though, I feel like if you would've been in the bottom two, I see you as like coming out like DiDa Ritz and like just serving at lip-syncing! So I kind of look forward to that! - I'm sure, I'm sure. - I don t want to lip sync, bitch! - I'm actually curious. I know, I know it's a scary thing if we get called to lip sync. But who actually would be excited to show their [bleep] and perform? - Of course! - I really want to lip sync. - Does anyone here dance? - Me. - Is anybody a dancer? - In bed! - I live to perform and I live to lip sync and I love to feel something really authentic. But if they gave a number that was meant to be a dance number, I would not want to lip sync against you. - You know what it is, is that I can go HAM on aesthetics. When it comes to the performance, that's where I live my life. - I fear for anyone who's in the bottom two with me because I will turn out any genre of music. I am a very high energy performer. I will not be the one that s going home, at all. - I would like to say something. - Yes? - Because I have something very special that I would like to share. - Yes. - Throughout this process, I came out to my mom as being a drag queen. - Oh! - Not as being gay, she knew I was gay. I've been gay since- Since I was a little girl and my pussy no tenia hairs. But I performed in front of her and I sang in Spanish and it was a ballad and it was beautiful and it was... It was so self-fulfilling because this is the beginning of a life experience. - Yeah, of the rest of your life, girl! - Of the rest of the life! - What did everybody think when they got the phone call? That said you are really going to be on Drag Race. - I was... I was in bed, the phone rang, and she said, "Charlie, I'm calling to say welcome to season nine." All of a sudden, I jumped out of bed, the dogs started barking, car alarms started going off! [shouting] - Nina, where were you when you found out? - I was on the way to a Grindr date. [shouting] - Best story so far. - No, no, no, no. - Yes. - No! I'm kidding. No I was literally depressed and going through my phase because I am a thirty-four-year-old man, still at home with my parents. And that's very depressing to me. I thank God that I'm able to be home, because I could be living out in the streets, but um... This was my last time auditioning. Because you get to a point where you say, "Is it not for you or is it not just your time?" - Right. - And it's hard to decipher from the two. Honestly, my life, I felt like it was going to be over. I felt like I didn t know what else to do. I know that I could've probably done other things. But for me, this competition was my last... My last hope. And I just want my family to believe in me and see that I'm serious about what I do. So last year, I made it so close. - Hello ladies! [shouting] - How are you? - Oh my Gaga! - You- You were hashtag major! [shouting] - I just wanted to come back here, personally first, and just say thank you so much. I was very moved by all of your looks. - Today was a celebration. - Thank you. - It was a celebration of you. - Thank you so much. These outfits were created by teams of people that I respect so deeply. You all did such a tremendous job. So thank you for celebrating the people that I love. So much. Thank you. - Gaga, my I tell you something? I would like to thank you in behalf of the gay community for what you do for our community and how much you love us. - I appreciate you saying that because you know, I'm not a gay woman. You know? - Yeah. - And it's that, you know, touchy sort of subject right? Where can you stand up for people that you are not necessarily fully part of that community in a way that you can understand what you all go through. Right? But I have always been surrounded by incredibly intelligent, powerful gay men who have lifted me up through lots of changes in my life. Becoming famous was very strange, and it's the gay men in my life that helped me to become a woman. And I don t know that a lot of people would understand that. But it's because of what you've been through, you have survived so much that you inspire me to continue surviving. So thank you for that. - You're welcome. - And... I just wanted to give you all each a few notes. - Yes! - Okay? - Yes absolutely! - We're gonna do this as a workshop, okay? And this is not meant to make anyone feel bad about their performance today. I'm gonna do it as a group so everybody hears and it's equal. Okay so I'm going to start with Peppermint. You are beautiful. So what I want you to focus on is detail. Okay? The earrings, right? The makeup, this was a slight deviation from the full look. I would like to see you next time go full on with the whole thing. The extra details that you added that were maybe your own flare. They were great but you went so far with everything else, I just wanted to see a little bit more attention to detail. You don t have to worry about being gorgeous. You are already gorgeous. Okay. Valentina. I cried when you came out in this outfit. - No. - Yes I did. But I was trying to hold it back 'cause I don t want to look like a wimp. - Next up, Valentina. The CFDA Awards. Lady Gaga, this is your life. - I just got so choked up. I brought my sister as my date and we were both on the red carpet like a bunch of pissed off New Yorkers. I love this so much. You have a tremendous poise... And style and manner. - Thank you. - Okay, Eureka! - Hi! - There's something about you that is so home-town. And honest, I love that about you. I love that you love who you are. This look, your heart shined through. - Thank you. - And it was beautiful. I actually don t have a lot of notes. - Thank you. It means a lot to me. - Now we go to Charlie. You know I think you're hysterical and funny. What you did for the McQueen tribute, I noticed so much that you had paid attention to the pose from the red carpet. I just wanted you to practice the choreography that you did for the first- - For the pilgrim? - For the pilgrim. - That was the first time I ever done the tear away. - Right, so next time, you better practice it. - Yeah. - Right? Okay Farrah, my little Mae West. Don't look down. When you're walking I noticed you had looked down to make sure that you wouldn t fall. - Oh you know what I was doing? I was looking down to try to be seductive and then look up. And it looked like I didn t want to fall. - Okay, okay, that's fair. - It didn t read right. - No, but that s okay. In the mirror, practice or film it. You know? - Yeah. - And I do wish that there was a tear away under this. - There is. - Oh. - Oh! - Why didn t you do that? - I know! - What happened? - Well I wasn t sure if it was going to be authentic to the actual look. - It's great. It would've been nice to see you just whoosh! - I almost did it when I walked down, I grabbed it, then I was like oh I shouldn t. - So guess what? - I got to listen to my intuition. - Exactly, your gut is all you got. - Yeah. - Okay? Sasha. The props, you're just like me. I will have props stuck to every side of my body all around me. The outfit was right there. I'm from New York, I totally got it. It was almost like the painting was an explanation. - Mm. - That we didn t need. You were the painting, right? You could ve just kept the heart and lost the painting. So I just want to ask you to edit yourself. I mean it was like watching myself, it really was. It was so stunning, it was so stunning. - Thank you. - Okay, Alexis. This is one of my favorite dresses, if not my favorite that I've ever had. And the silhouette that you pulled off with this is pristine. Versus the first outfit, right? It was a little less, um, tailored. - The execution was rough, I know. - I would ve loved to have seen Black Lives Matter right on the pop up. Right? I would've loved to have seen the message big above you, and that was the surprise. - The funny thing is, the execution on that was rough and I didn t create it. I made this dress. - Oh! - And you know, the reason that all happened is because I thought; you know what? Instead of going like this sort of expected way, I want to send a message. And I wish I had followed that instinct from the jump and done that. - So this is... This is the thing, in my career, the times when I've been the most angry with myself is when I watched it back and I knew what it was supposed to be but I listened to somebody else. Don't do it, you are the artist. Okay. Now next, Shea Couleé. You have a beautiful face. - Thank you. - You remind me of Grace Jones, the way that you walk in. You have an eccentricity about you that is powerful. You really do, you really do. And you have a lot of makeup on. - Yes I do. - And I was slightly distracted by all this makeup. You don t need as much. - Okay. - You are not just a man or a woman, you are an art piece. - Amen girl. - Thank you. - Amen, thank you. - Okay, well I don t want to tell you what you are but this is how I feel. Okay, Trinity. I wrote, "Holy [bleep]" [laughter] I loved the way that when you came out, your hair and makeup were just perfect. So I just wanted to commend you on that. And actually my only note is that I thought this should be silk. Okay. Kimora. When you're walking, don t drop character on the way out. You have to keep it all the way until the end. Does that make sense? - Yes. - You're stunning and your body is beautiful, let your true self shine through even though it's drag. - Jaymes Mansfield, hey girl. - Hi. - I want you to embrace yourself. - Okay. - In a way that is not funny. I really, completely relate to it. The first three years of my career, I would stand like this, put on a voice. And it is a form of art. But because you're in a competition, they need to see you. Let your guard down a little bit more. Just let your true heart shine through. - That s a challenge I can accept though. - It's hard. - I understand. - Okay, and we have Nina. - Hey! - I adore you! - Oh. - I find you to be incredible. - Thank you so much. - And I'm very, very inspired by the choices that you made, especially this piece. This is one of the most famous, if not most revered pieces that Alexander McQueen ever made. And that peach face with that dress, that really messed me up. [laughter] It really messed me up. I was like, I didn t think of that and I'm angry and I'm jealous. - Let me tell you this, Gaga. Thank you so much for saying that. Because if you just knew what I went through in that work room. To go from that mouse look to that. - I do know. - I was going through hell. - I do know. - I'm glad I got your validation so much. Thank you so much. - It was poetry. - Thank you. God bless Gaga. She was so humble and genuine and she really lived for my foolishness. She really bought my foolishness. Lady Gaga, hello girl! Lady Gaga! Validation complete, thank you Gaga. - And my last one, Aja. - Hi! - Hi! I felt a really strong bond with you. That you understand what I do. Thank you for that so much. That choice and that outfit it's not what I would have expected at all. Do you have a nose ring that you can flip up? - Yeah. I think for the competition, it would benefit you to put that one in and flip it up so that you have more diversity. Because other wise, it will always be there. - Yeah. - I've had the septum piercing before. Went through the same issues because sometimes I just wanted it not to be there. But you have someone sticking in. - I can take it out. - It would just give you more freedom to transform. That's it. - I will do it. - I love you all very very much. - I love you bae. [in unison] - Thank you. - Soar and be happy and all of that good stuff. Okay? - Thank you. - Love you! - Love you too! See you later. - Did we just get a master class from Gaga? - Girl, that was so [bleep] sickening. I could die! - [bleep] - Oh my God you guys! - Wow like is today even real? - Having Lady Gaga talking with us is so surreal. I can't even begin to adequately express how much she has inspired me as an artist. And leveling with her one on one as a person is so unbelievable. And I'm just like somebody pinch me! - Do you guys know how many drag queens would die to grow from those kind of commentary? - All right ladies. If you guys wouldn t mind following me to the main stage. Follow me ladies, follow me. - It'll have to do. Eureka we need to go! - Okay. - Let's go ladies. [suspenseful music] - I know; this is the first time you will ever see me run. But I am going. I am jogging. Watch out. Earth quake honey! RuPaul: Bring back my girls. The winner of Miss Charisma, Uniqueness, Nerve, and Talent is Nina Bo' Nina Brown! Wait a minute, wait a minute! Nina, you are still our winner. You are still our winner, honey. But the real competition, is just about to begin. I'm introducing a fourteenth queen into the race. Please welcome back to the race... The fourteenth contestant. The ninth season of RuPaul's Drag Race! [contestants scream] [electronic music]- hello hello hello ladies today's mini challenge is sponsored by the letter T as in all tea all shade hunting in the great tradition of Paris is burning the Lord reverence because reading is what there you have it darling first up Bianca Del Rio the library is now open haha miss ben de la creme after seeing you in drag I realize now why Seattle has a high suicide rate Joslyn Fox she's so gay even her f has a list then we have a door I know what you got on your SATs ketchup Trinity I believe your smile belongs on season 4 every day a Shark Week with your grill laganja estranja next time you death-drop reverse that and drop dead darienne Lake I weigh like 110 and I'm really scared of you so I'm just going to keep it at that better and I'm sure you all will remind me that my hair is so fried and damaged that I'm forced to wear this clip-on ponytail if you can't read yourself how the hell can you read somebody else Thank You Jocelyn Fox you may not be all that smart and you may not be all that pretty I guess that's it miss darienne Lake you should be arrested for animal cruelty the way you abuse those kitten heels on the runway ben de la creme the cream always rises to the top but then again so does the scum Fox when we need a low-rent version of Courtney act we'll let you know enjoy you know you're from the West Coast because it's a three-hour delay before you finally get a joke Darien Lake this is the girl who probably sits reverse cowgirl on the toilet just so she has a flat surface to eat off Jocelyn you have some really comforting old-fashioned qualities like how you paint in sepia tones and your voice sounds like a dial-up modem this is Aryan Lake you have a lot of jokes but to me they're more like UFOs I mean they are way out there and I've never seen one land aboard a lame-o it's not a hog on your body or are you excited to see me Bianca del taco trio your style is as old and bitter as you you've even got the Crypt Keeper crying thank you Dr Seuss milk your beauty and fashion is listed right on the side of your carton under missing Ben de la creme you remind me of a Russian doll full of yourself [Applause] [Music] adore Delano I'm going to say this very slowly so you can understand your dumb [Music] all right the library is really closed officially this is a good time to vent Oh fish' Lee now in the great tradition of Paris is burning the library is about to be open that's right children mm-hmm first up ginger Minj the library is open darling Trixie Mattel making kind of you is like shooting clown fish in a barrel unfortunately that's about as fishy as you'll ever be miss fame I think everything about you is so original except for those lips those cheeks and oh everything you present to the judges on the runway pearl now that you've come out of your shell maybe you could use that as a but violet chachki you keep training those corsets girl pretty soon your weight size will be lower than your right you miss fame you are such a talented makeup artist I have never met anybody who's able to shove their heads so far up their own ass without smudging their eyeliner ginger Minj I disagree with the judges I think you should bring your black hairspray down further full-coverage Katya at this point you really should just make like your hairline and recede Trixie Mattel Haute Couture more like Haute glue is that Ben Affleck girl I must be hungry for the dick if I think this thirsty is her Katya now you get to increase your hooking fee Thank You RuPaul's Drag Race fine the wasn't funny it was like crickets are you like Miss Trixie girl I am waiting for you to change their lip color cuz your face looks like the back of a baboon's ass around no get the horns oh it's just miss violet where do you get your outfits girl American apparently not ginger Minj girl did you ever save Caroline from the poltergeist in the TV I don't believe the rumors I don't believe you took Sharon Needles crown I believe you're taking this one either Kennedy Davenport you've got your eye on the prize and two other eye on the crowd Katya are you confused the thing is young dumb and full of time [Applause] I'm glad you brought up reading because in the great tradition of Paris is burning the library is about to be open Johnny because reading is watch that's right first up Chi Chi devayne come on down honey all right thorgy thor girl love you so much I don't know whether to give you a hug or put some change in a cup Bob the drag queen you may be from New York honey but those feet of Steel from Mississippi see T your drag is just like turkey neck cheap and the one wants it Wow Naomi smalls your wardrobe reminds me of a legendary drag race Queen Nicole Paige Brooks who knew that was lurking on simple I mean I mean Britney you know you are pretty attractive I hit that baby one more time Bob please shut up Naomi no one knows whether to call you now owe me or Naomi but judging from your runway looks no one's gonna be calling you at all Bob the drag queen I had no idea that there are different shades of ashy kimchi you are stomping for the gods on the runway I just wish your drag would get raptured Naomi I'm gonna give you some advice darling no one's gonna take you seriously if you were born after Windows 95 came out Robbie Turner we know you're a vintage Queen but do you have to smell like mothballs - Derrick Barry you say it takes you an hour to do your face why did it look like five minutes Beauty it is a known fact that there's Barry is not very smart when she heard Britney Spears she said does she I prefer fencing the conversation with Derrick Barry the only thing harder is Robbie Turner's wig line I know you're a huge fan of classic movies and television may I recommend one of my favorite classic TV shows flipper oh my goodness y'all went in G Oh pit crew don't really in the great tradition of Paris is burning day one of all stars read the hell out of each other get up out of here Fifi O'Hara you're up darling it's so hard when they're your friends which is why this should be easy you don't adore in the value men you have in common they're both cheap and full of fat adore I'm sorry can you move out the way sweetie if you have a wrist band you can't be in here for the meet-and-greet you are like the Abby Lee Miller of drag except when Abby Lee Miller dresses her body she can cover her back rolls oh my glutes oh let me take this cap off and Venus D'Lite Janet haxon oh I'm sorry Coco Montrese how exciting for you that janet has a new album out you can both come out of retirement thank you for letting the pas know who to pack up first Coco Montrese I always wanted to know what the female gremlin would look like in 25 years I was a good ginger Minj in my eyes the true winner of season seven of TLC's I didn't know I was pregnant Roxxxy Andrews I think about you all the time especially in the morning at the bus stop Alyssa Edwards my darling dear I can't stand it when you're near Alaska I'm sure Katya can see you from her backyard cocoa thank you for proving in season five that orange is the new black adore Delano do you know what makes you the number one fan favorite of all time no neither do I allow me to introduce to you monsters monster Alaska I finally got to listen to anus and I get it because it sounds like what my anus does after eating Mexican choices Alyssa Edwards you are so talented and you haven't let it go to your head nothing's changed you or your overbite Coco Montrese doesn't it suck that it took you longer than my existence to figure out what shade of makeup to you Peg Bundy a Kelly and bus Roxxxy Andrews it's good to see a filler this season I'm not talking about that ass Alaska like her outfit trash Coco way to old and adore delano really hateful detox no really I mean up this is actually your intervention you should really stop this adore Delano these other girls are gonna say you have terrible makeup skills you have no fashion sense and you're dumb as the rock but they're wrong you don't have terrible makeup skill Roxxxy Andrews obviously a diet consisting of nothing but hatred for jinkx monsoon does the body good come on Allstars let's get all started. the library is open I don't read people of course you don't tire because you're Christian come over here girl here are your reading glasses now what I want you to do is go down the line I want you to read these  read starting with Tati oh wow we have Eminem doing drag mama oh wow and standing right next to her is that Dumbo flying in Oh mama is this Jujubee darling let me get to your level Oh Roo we have a undergrown orangutan and next huh darling how old are you and the one on the end oh just look at how wrong are you going swimming are you doing drag mama want anything wonderful the library is closed tatianna come on down honey the library is open uh I don't want to do this go smile for me don't smile do you think I don't like those big ones [Music] dig deep darling I just couldn't think of anything to say but it's totally not my scene the library is now oh you think that is big you need to see another thing that I have for you  you are so bad girl what are you doing here mama go back to Chinatown girl you are a gringa puerca oh you the top model when I see your face I said la biblioteca is closed all right should you be I'm not nervous I'll read a  I will read ya to feel miss Tyra was your barbecue cancelled your grill is and miss tatianna miss honey you think you're so soft not by the heads of your chinny-chin let me tell you something where God you won't understand this anyways almond eyes if I get my chance do you understand Pandora can we talk about fun tanning and you legendary you think you are legendary looks like leg and dairy ok pad or boss Tyra Sanchez if you are America's Sweetheart America needs a heart transplant tatianna all I hear when I put my ear up to yours is the ocean oh Jessica wild those drag clothes look like a donkey de pinata and threw up Jujubee with that gaping thing you call it I think I could go spelunking in there Oh spooky Raven the frosty  I think I see penguins circle in that pole [Applause] ready for the flavor of the Raven you got a grill that could put blackened jacker out of business everyone thinks you're pretty I do think you're pretty I think you have a beautiful face for radio you want to call me a top model mommy bend over and take it like a man I'll be your top model oh that's cold that's cold honey don't you know a thing about doing a manicure and a pedicure fix them holes honey Pandora by the looks of you you're going through the change of life honey oh oh she don't close the libraries so in the great tradition of Paris is burning break out your library chords because reading is what fundamental now for today's mini-challenge you'll take turns reading each other or throwing shade ladies the library is open okay all right Jonah Sophia la biblioteca is open put on your reading glasses and read these  for Phil Manila listen it's not because you're Asian is because I need some fashion to deal with you daata work is that your deeds or your feet Raja youth in your fashion you should go to all Manila ah eat it eat it eat it out put on your reading glasses oh god oh god ah your blue contacts are so creepy that it makes my skin itchy itchy itchy pa'lante it's dinner time Delta and you are serving body rere well I guess that solves the problem with all them starving kids in Africa Thank You Manila up next is miss Delta oh my gosh genre is it interesting that when your flight came into town the sightings of chupacabras increased Manila what are we gonna do when a hurricane hits all of Asia you won't have any material left Raja when you're on the runway do you keep the 800 number for suicide because those toes are ready to jump bring your library card miss Alexis Mateo get ready  miss shangela girl can we have some water her hair's thirsty babe oh now just grow a neck honey if all they can read is my size and that's so obvious now tell me something funny Raj should I call you Raja or grandma Raja you are up shangela I hope you still have your phone card to middle-earth because the hobbits are calling fat who cares syphilis Carmen the library is open to you my dear word Yara what the are you saying go Alexis girl I would think about you all day I would have to do alright last but not least shangela yes Oh Mimi Imfurst Raja I know you call yourself top model but I think Tyra Banks and I would agree you're just fashion roadkill Manila Luzon Asian role model well I hope you're referring to the roles all over your body and all Carmen Carrera honey just go jump in the ocean you won't drown silicone flows all right girl the library is permanently closed the great tradition of Paris is burning get out your library card because reading is what now for today's mini-challenge you'll take turns throwing shade hashtag the library is open 21st century reading all right ladies first up Dida Ritz I'm gonna try I don't know how to really read that well so there's someone smell that what what is it oh that's just Sharon Heat jiggly Caliente you should feel honored the first contestant in RuPaul's Drag Race history with child Latrice Royale you're free now you don't have to rock the yard sandals anyway jiggly Caliente darling what do you see  oh oh dear let me start with you boo this lotion in my purse you need to use them on your elbows and your knees you look like you've been grinding through flour baby mama Chad is called forever 21 not forever 41 well honey your face is made out of marble don't move Oh Jujubee you know helium's for balloons not your stomach oh and you know Willam I know you're talented at you know buying shoes by you talented at you know drag you know uh Sharon what I love how you rock the party city that's where I got your Lady Gaga wig Fifi's sucks Dida Ritz I don't know if that is hot to tour or Hartke torn but this holes in that shirt Fifi you are gorgeous you catch the cameras eye from the right but from the left you snag it Chad Michaels you so old you still on myspace.com Chad Michael I was gonna take that down ladies and gentlemen welcome to the RuPaul ball tonight in the category of butch queen Deena red jiggly I love you come to mother dust come here come to me come to me I won't hurt you here's my dentist card the water music William Bell I will and Bella loves to live his life and think that he's Carrie Bradshaw but in the sequel she'll be playing scary Bradshaw jiggly Caliente BMW body made wrong O'Hara although Reading Is Fundamental darling you might learn how to spell first we feel literature Willam myth industry congratulations on your new role as the big bad wolf by the hair on your chinny chin up Sharon Needles two words sideshow freakin Oh Dida Ritz a lot of you girls like to clock me for painting my skin on the gray side but I was inspired by your knees they're the same color as Williams chin Viji O'Hara what brand of makeup do you wear Sherman Williams oh oh there's a weak one jiggly Caliente you're such a fat  after sex you smoke hams [Applause] is permanently shut down ladies in the great tradition of Paris is burning get ready to visit the library darlings because reading is what first up detox the library is open Oh Roxxxy Andrews congratulations on the weight loss but to me you're still boxing mandrews Alyssa Edwards overbites are very in this season too bad your performance here is so underwhelming jinkx monsoon Roxxxy Andrews there are two types of peanut butter creamy and crunchy detox you won the challenge you can take the chicken mask off now Roxxxy Andrews Coco Montrese for someone who calls themself a top you sure do like being on the bottom jinkx monsoon ashes to ashes dust to dust you're great at the challenges but on the runway you're a bust detox is Amanda Lepore your mother because there's a lot of silicone going on there mmm jinkx monsoon Boy George called he wants his hat back Edward never mind ivy Winters I can't do because reading you is like reading a Walt Disney book it's simply too easy detox it honey I know you think you're serving body and look but the only thing I'm getting is the hills have eyes miss Coco you must be blind because it looks like you're using tang for your highlights mess Alaska I think you should wear a mask for every challenge they don't want to read these girls I love them so much all right let's go Edwards Miss USA away [Music] detox you're so seductive but unfortunately it's illegal to do it with you because most of your parts are under 18 years of age long story short the season of the fish smells like trout the library is now officially closed. Hello, it's me, Valentina. Both of these looks brought a tear to my eye. Her walk was fantastic. For me she was the best model. I was literally shaking. But I said to myself, "Valentina, when in doubt, smile." I'm Valentina, I'm also corny. Valentina, chi chi boom bah. You're the winner of this week's challenge. I wrote down Linda Evangelista. The smokey eye and the nude lip. I like it. I can never win anything! Party. Who wants to take my virginity? Peppermint. You need one. Valentina, this lip sync for your life we need to see your lips. Take that thing off of your mouth. I'd like to keep it on please. It's a lip sync, what part of that do you not understand? Valentina, I thought you had the stuff to go all the way. Now, sashay away. The body is here, bitches. Oh ... Girl, I'm Trinity Taylor. Some people say I'm the look and feel of real, but my body speaks for itself. We first met when the princess was in the  clinic, getting her itch cream. It was for her outbreak: clamydia. I hope that some day she can find the cure for this WTD. That stands for water transmitted disease. I love hotdogs too! Mom! What are you doing here? Senior year. I'm so excited and prom is coming. Mom! Trinity Taylor, condragulations you're the winner of this week's challenge. Condragulations, you are the winner of this week's challenge. Condragulations, you're the winner of this week's challenge. I've worked my entire adult life to build the brand of Trinity Taylor. I deserve to be America's Next Drag Superstar. So I'm coming for that crown ladies. Back up. You are an amazing queen. And thank you for an amazing season. my god this is gonna be fun fun fun you guys are fabulous [Applause] [Music] [Applause] holy  hello somebody what's up  mystique Oh [Applause] hey fake lady [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] well hello hello hi uh hey that's a new girl in town let's get the business hello ladies morning  [Music] [Applause] holy we're here hey girl hey is the best kitchen yet up present ever I can clear that cackling from down the street hello boys hey Oh hey sisters hello girl everybody it's me ben de la creme [Music] Oh y'all wanted a twist eh come on season six let's get reporting for duty April Gotham is in the house  y'all ready to rock and roll well well well I hope you  already milk she does a body good girl Wow if this America's Next Top Model oh sorry they better widen the doorways and reinforce the runway honey cuz a big girl now greetings earth Queens I come in peace hi fellas how ya doin [Music] well it's about time that I is on this isn't Maury Povich I hope you girls got a sweet tooth because Kandy's in the mother house it's me who's ready for some hot tuna casserole cause Mama's home succulent thick before you come to me are you doing me some horas do you wanna see my cuckoo what's up nerds the beauty is here this acid trip is all real morning I didn't realize this is happening today I came to talk to it a competition toward you with a th and/or Jean I feel incredible ladies let's turn up the juice and see what shakes loose lays a lip balm Tom rouler what'd she say it's Derek  my god hello it's me Valentina do that for the big girl serving pure cash hi hi hi it's about to get shady up in here so this is what it looks like she's naked [Music] honey like that mad gross mr. Charles my name is Shay cool eh and I didn't come to play I came to play the body is here  is it me or is it hot in here hi chef Gary I'm Nina bow Nina banana both Anna Osama bin Laden Brown Boom Boom Bang blown your edges are officially [Music] feel the shade I hope she gives us Broadway oh don't mind me I'm Sapir we put the competition girl well I auditioned for pit crew but this is gonna be way more fun you the heart of season 10 honey Monique heart [Music] never love Joe hey beauties it's Sasha velour the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season 9.  Check your lipstick before you come for me. First one, I don't blame them. I'm gonna set myself right in the center. Yeah, spotlight on me. Serving scarecrow couture, Naomi Smalls and Jazzy Jems. Everyone should take a look at Naomi right now. This is how you win this competition. Con-drag-ulations, you are the winner of this weeks challenge. That was only one. America's first drag president must give speeches, interviews and debates. It's gonna be hard to understand Kim Chi when you're dodging saliva through that strong lisp. Bitch glue down your brows and then I'll glue down my lace. I cannot wait to see a shot of you and have screen caps go round and it's just lifted lace. And you know what yours is gonna be? It's gonna be so much light reflected off that forehead because there's no brow on there. Bitches better beware. Linda, Naomi Smalls, Christie, Naomi Smalls, Cindy, Naomi Smalls, Claudia, Naomi Smalls. I love drag so much. It is what, like, gets me up in the morning and I have such a need and a want to grow. Drag is about pushing boundaries and pushing yourself. This is what I love doing and I just wanna do it for the rest of my life. I'm a performer, I'm a supermodel, I'm a ... drag queen. Cat kitty cat, cat, cat, cat. Cat, kitty cat cow. Bringing you the heart of season 10, honey. Monique Heart, the face. Oh, there's gonna be flavor this year. I can't wait. Yes. Three, two, one, action. She's self-directing. She is. Top of the morning to you. Do you want something delicious  succulent, decadent, hot and vivacious? Well, you should totally have Ru Paul's chocolate bar. The ring. This is the ring. Mines is bigger. Facts are facts. Yeah. Facts are facts. Monet X Change, girl you know better to be black using hotel lotion. My name is Monique Heart, the heart of season 10, and this segment is called Paint it for Filth, honey. Or as I like to call it, paint it for the good seats, paint it for the cheap seats, and paint it for the VIP, okay? Girl, no, that's a giraffe. Cows ain't spotted like that. That's a giraffe. I saw it and was like, oh. Brown cow. Stunning. Monique, it breaks my heart to say, sashay away. I appreciate you for giving me this opportunity. I'm sorry I let you down, and I love you all. Thank you. Now, sashay away. Oh, don't mind me. I'm just here to sweep up the competition, girl. I am Monet X Change, and you better get your currency in check, bitch. Monet X Change. Oh, Monet changes everything. Yes, Monet. Monet X Change. Clean up on season 10. I'm literally cleaning the floor with my garment as I'm walking down the runway, and it's ... fierce. Why are your earrings blue? Because it's supposed to be like water, and sponge, and dirty. You see what I'm saying? No, didn't get that. If these hoes try to come for me, I surely will cut thee. I will not hesitate to put thou in a ditch, because Maya Angelou ain't no punk bitch. The Sonny and Cher show. (singing) Monet X Change. Shut up! Me? Monet X Change. Freaky money don't make no money. But Monet money sure do. Now, sashay away. Thank you. Cha ching, mother... Cha ching. Hello. Well, hello. Manila? Hi. Oh my God. Look at you. I'm Manila Luzan. I am a creative little kid from the Midwest whose creativity was too big for Minnesota. So I moved to New York City. Oh, I'm so happy you're here. Now is that a nursing bra? Well, I thought they looked like rivets. So I went for a submarine look for my torpedoes. You don't have boyfriend? I don't. I'm single. Oh, I have brother. You should hook up with him. You should marry. Immigration. Lots of money. Manila Luzan. Condragulations. You're the winner of this challenge. Condragulations you're the winner of this week's challenge. Condragulations. You are this week's MVP and the winner of this week's challenge. Yeah. That's my girl. You are the winners of this week's all star challenge. Wait a minute. How do you not know what you were signing up for? You dirty did this, girl. Oh. [crosstalk] Well, come on, teletubby. Teleport us to Mars. What the ... Is this bitch for real? Manila, you are an inspiration. I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart. Thank you. Now, sashay away. Oh, yes. Work. Ow, eat it. My name is Latrice Royale. Latrice Royale is large and in charge, chunky yet funky. Latrice, can you take us to church? (singing) Five G's, please. Good God, get a grip, girl. Uh oh. Oh my goodness. Oh. The level of unprofessionalism, far too much. Get those nuts away from my face. The winner of this week's main challenge is Latrice Royale. Willam and Latrice Royale. You are the winners of this week's all star challenge, and this year's Miss Congeniality is Latrice Royale. Latrice Royale. My queen. I bow to you, and I have one thing to say. Bitches better beware. You have changed my life forever. You have changed the world of drag forever. I love you, and respect you so much, and thank you for seeing something special in me. I'm here. We made it, bitches. I'm Jasmine Masters, I'm 37 years old. Ding. How did you get this body? Girl, I don't know. Jasmine is class and elegance. Jasmine is it. No tea, no shade, no pink lemonade. But looking at some of these queens, I'm thinking, Ru, you don't wanna see these girls up in here naked. I know you don't. Jasmine Masters. I dropped a cocoon and a butterfly is coming out. Gone with the weave. Jasmine Masters Where did you get a loaf of bread? He used to take me into the cockpit. He'd blindfold me and say unspeakable things. . And I loved it. I loved it. Jasmine girl, you are a prima donna and a true diva. I know that's right, and you best to believe her. Now sashay away. Who is that? My name is Gia Gunn, I'm 23 years old. Gia's a fishy girl, just got off the boat, you know, a little trip from Asia, just landed like fresh tilapia. Oh God, you're serving. Are you in a White Snake video? What are you doing over there? I'm feeling my oats, let me feel my oats. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Heather? What the hell is that? My new cell phone. Like, hello? Peek-a-boo, they see you. Wait, what? Who is this? You're going to die! We are the comedy queens. Humor always justifies the means While she's there telling a joke, I'm right behind you, poke. So listen up because they're all full of beans. Literally. Gia. My pet. Make no mistake, I love you from head to toe. Now, sashay away. It's Christina Aguilera. So this is what it looks like. She's naked. My name is Farrah Moan and I'm from Las Vegas, Nevada. Farrah Moan, Cleopatra. Wow. My Madonna is probably the best one here. Every detail is on point. I love hot dogs. I love hot dogs, too. Mom, what are you doing here? Senior year, I'm so excited. And prom is coming. Mom. Stop copying me. No wonder I'm addicted to speed. I actually just got mine done yesterday. Oh, my. I may have to give it another thought, Farrah. You won't regret it Alexis. I'll drink to that. Cheers. Alexis Michelle, Pillsbury called, they want their rolls back. No. I respect you and love you. You don't love me. Farrah Moan, you're a beautiful queen with a big future, shine on, show girl. Now, sashay away. Thank you guys so much. welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race Michelle visage happy 100th happy birthday gorgeous the return of Michelle visage my co-host for over a hundred episodes of the RuPaul talk show couldn't keep us apart my squirrel friend Michelle visage is here hey I might not be the biggest star here but I got the biggest knockers okay I'm not as old as you wanted to make me  I have no idea I thought it was brilliant keep doing it I just want to say you know thank you all and I love you all and I'm gonna tell you why go back with Michelle father there you go back with me you know Michelle when Michelle was Michael Michelle's favorite movie in the world is showgirls and much like Nomi Malone she relies on the talents of her black friend Michelle is so Jersey her idea of classical music is Lisa Lisa not since Destiny's Child has a Michelle becomes so famous for writing somebody else's coattails Vangie miss banjee. - Miss Vanjie. Miss Vanjie. Miss Vanjie. - Work, sister! - Yeah! (all cheering) - Vanessa exits going Vanjie, Vanjie, so now everybody is gettin' that stuck in their head. Even Mama Ru and Michelle on the runway. - Miss Vanjie. Miss Vanjie. Miss Vanjie. (laughs quietly) - My ass is here and Vanessa is Vanjie-ing somewhere else, girl. - [All] Vanjie. (laughs) - Vanjie. (laughs) - That's the safe world. Vanjie. (laughs) - See, you put it like this on set, we're gonna be unstoppable. - It's very good, okay. - Keep the lord in this bitch, and I'ma have to throw him out. Vanjie! (audience groans) - I'm like, dear lord. Keep goin' girl, just keep going. - [Blair] Vanjie! - You might want Vanjie? - Vanjie! - [Both] Vanjie! - Bitch! - Bitch! (audience gasps) - Vanjie, pick it up for Vanjie! - When we flipped that safe word, and put it into our skit, and we go Vanjie, it worked. - Vanjie was your safe word? - Miss Vanjie. (laughs) - Stop, Michelle. - Miss Vanjie! - (laughs) Don't you start with me, Michelle. - I'm not gonna do it. I'm dying to do it. - Chaka Khan, Chaka Khan, Chaka Khan. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Miss Vanjie! - Miss Vanjie. (laughs) Miss Vanjie. - And the way she was moving backwards when she was doing it. - It was just like, Miss Vanjie. (all laughing) - Vanjie! (other contestants yell) - Vanjie! - [All] Vanjie! (slaps) (all laughing) - Gentlemen. (laughs) - Don't do it, Miss Vanjie! Don't do it! Don't do it! (laughs) Okay, all right, gentlemen. Start your engines, and may the best woman win. Vanjie! (laughs) Vanjie! - But you know who above all really should be the winner of this contest? Vanjie! - Not Vanjie, bitch. - Yes, honey, Vanjie! Vanessa Vanjie Mateo. We gonna miss you, Vanjie! - [Michelle] Vanjie. - [Eureka] Vanjie, Vanjie!  Well, I auditioned for Pit Crew, but this is gonna be way more fun. - [Person] That's a man, Maury! ♪ Hey, you there ♪ ♪ Now pay attention to me ♪ ♪ We fought for our right to love and be who we be ♪ ♪ We will not be silent and I won't sit down ♪ ♪ I'm gay and proud ♪ ♪ Might not be loud, but I've found my sound ♪ - Hey, maybe we can go chop some wood together sometime. - I believe that's doable. (laughs) - I believe that's doable? (both laughing) - I can't. They call you mother, but at your age shouldn't it be grand-- (slaps) (all laughing) - I don't like the way that was going. - Eureka, we found it! Girl, how could we miss it? (all laughing) - Wow, you're lookin' good. Do you have any workout tips for me? - Eating all the beef, Ru. (laughs) ♪ Born in Cali and mama named me Cherilyn ♪ ♪ I was insecure but there was a fire within ♪ ♪ Skipped school early, went to Hollywood ♪ ♪ Tried to meet every big wig that I could ♪ ♪ When I met Sonny he was twenty-seven ♪ ♪ I was younger by a few years ♪ ♪ Okay, eleven ♪ - Kameron Michaels, bang, bang. Condragulations, you're the winner of this week's challenge. - You know, no matter how many times I've faltered, I've gotten back up, and I think that's a great theme for life, and I want to be a shining example to everyone that has ever faltered in their life to know that you can get up and keep going, and when you do, you will find confidence that you never knew you had in yourself, and you will feel like the star in whatever field that you are, and that's what I plan to do. - [RuPaul] Thank you. - Oh, like a phoenix from the ashes, Eureka is back! ♪ You found it ♪ ♪ Watch me smile and watch me slay ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm livin' for my true self every day ♪ ♪ It's not about your color, gender, or size ♪ ♪ But if we come together, we can rise ♪ ♪ I came from nothin', made me wanna scream ♪ ♪ But I fought for my taste of the America dream ♪ ♪ You can be a stripe and get in line ♪ ♪ Or be a star and not be defined ♪ - Ladies, haven't you heard? The end of the world is coming. - Yeah, we know girl. (judges laugh) (sobbing loudly) (audience laughs) Pretty smelly. Trade. (RuPaul laughs) - Nice! - [Eureka] Yeah, you like that? - Yeah, that's nice. - Yeah, the wife likes it too. (laughs) Vixen, do you have a housekeeper, girl? Your kitchen is a mess. (all laughing) - Let's move on down to Honey Boo Boo. Maybe she's got the match. - I drew a picture of a bunny. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Oh you did, didn't you? - I'm such an artist. - I'm gonna be busy back here. Ya'll just. - Well, I think that you should explain your shorts real quick. - Okay, I guess I can. You're trying to distract me so I can't watch. - I know, 'cause you nasty. Focus, girl, focus. - I am trying to focus on that D. (all laughing) - Eureka, condragulations. You are the winner of this week's challenge. Condragulations, baby. You are the winner of this week's challenge. - Drag gave me a place where I felt like I belonged, finally, where being loud and animated, and all these things that I am, and way too much, can be good, because all of that makes me this giant ball of beautiful joy, and I love everything about it. As America's next drag superstar, I can teach the world how to be that same, beautiful person inside and out, regardless of what other people think, and that's why I know that I will be America's next drag superstar. - Thank you. - Thank you. my name is aquaria and i am a superstar sorry to keep you waiting car ends up with the light flashing bright the number one source topping diva here for your tea light life liberty and me too [Music] I look like Linda Evangelista on this runway in a diaper and they would owning the Age of Aquarius in calculations you are the winner of this week's challenge congratulations you are the winner of this week's challenge congratulations you are the winner of this week's challenge so I'm obviously up here with three amazing girls that it's been such a pleasure connecting with on a very deep level I think I've really shown that I can rise to the occasion and surpassed not only my own expectations but the expectations of you all and everyone at home I think that I have such a unique Aquarian take on drag and somehow all the pieces that I have come together to make something incredible and I really appreciate the opportunity to show America and the rest of the world that so I could not be more grateful thank you a quick thank you hey squirrel-friends when one video ends just open up another one it's called binge-viewing good I support you. this is a Maury Povich my name is Trixie Mattel and I'm 24 years old drag queens always say paint for the back row I paint for the check-cashing place down the street if you drink enough alcohol you can fly anywhere and you don't need a plane Trixie Mattel congratulations ladies Trixie Mattel your  is on once a month I'm down Trixie Mattel that means you're back in the race girl I'm back I thought it was 4th episode Queen bye I thought it was Mimi Imfurst and now I'm maybe I'm 2nd champ ginger Minj girl did you ever save Caroline from the poltergeist from the TV every day I hear her scream and shout always yelling for her daily feed Trixie Mattel you put the tree in country and I am so glad we got to see more of your talents. Georgiy with a th and or G and I feel incredible my name is thorgy and i'm 29 years old I'm colorful and fun and I'm the fashion [Music] you are the ones I love know that you're the reason why my life I make me come alive this is harder on me than it is for you guys no it's not I just said takes a long nap in a bed with everyone they know all that's crazy thank you simple I mean Dara I mean Brittany you know you are pretty attractive I hit that baby one more time she made her story legalizing the right to stop traffic and tap dance thorgy thor you brought the BK to the RDR and girl i go li e we loved every minute of it. hello somebody hello hi I'm Nicole hi Nicole I'm shangela me too I love your name again shangela like shangela laquifa Wadley the debutante s of the deep south [Music] [Applause] [Music] I don't have a sugar daddy I've never had a sugar daddy if I wanted a sugar daddy yes I'd probably go ahead and get one because I am what sickening you could never have a sugar daddy because you are not that kind of girl cause of the recession y'all I'm telling you I don't had to scale back you know and sometimes I don't even pay myself my own money HiFi dear maybe I can get some shoes on my toes weren't hanging five inches off the earth shangela Alexis contraction congratulations you are the winner of this challenge are you gonna be nice or rough on the snatch game I always do it. my name is Morgan McMichaels and I am 28 years old when I saw Morgan walk in I wanted to die hi see I know somebody people think that since I'm pretty and I'm sexy that I should just do  all the time I'm just eating solid food again [Music] we're confident or the pretty girls we're gonna sell sex and isn't that the name of the games the audience really kind of got into it Morgan McMichaels you made a lasting first impression with the judges and you are the winner of this challenge as we walked into the workspace all I saw was one long table with ten chairs something is going in my mouth I know that much you got a second winner over here Morgan McMichaels you should invite a villager over here so you can get a tapetum a fish with disco so you can be creating an illusion here today starring Mel a Morgan McMichaels take strength in the words of Martha's song a new day will dawn carry on. milk she does a body good girl I'm milk I'm 25 years old milk is a club kid a very conceptual performer she is not one note she is an entire symphony [Music] look at yourself shady ladies you should be ashamed of what you've become the winners are milk and adore Lake you should be arrested for animal cruelty the way you abuse those kitten heels on the runway I normally don't do dairy but for milk I'll make an exception I don't care if this is 90's hip hop it's probably not but I am just getting down and dirty my dear milk you've consistently shown us that you can think outside the carton in my heart it will always be milking time. hello I'm Kennedy Davenport and I am the dancing diva of Texas honey away Kennedy [Music] LaGuardia Newark Kennedy whoo yeah drop it like it's icy hot a simple gal who's thought it like me and you she tightens the screws cuz we all love a tight screw I'm sorry Little Richard but that is not a match shuttle Kennedy Davenport congratulations you are the winner of this week's challenge condragulations you are the winner of this week's challenge job is washing tray underwear and cooking ramen noodles the struggle is real and so is your god-given talent and your journey has just begun. there's a lip-balm tone rouler what'd she say my name is Chi Chi devayne and I won't get ready I stay ready my drag is that real southern dragged-out style of trance [Music] [Applause] [Music] not only did you turn it out car you turn it upside down congratulations you're the winner of this week's challenge it's kind of part of my back well oh you the drag queen you may be from New York honey but those feet of Steel from Mississippi I know what I'll do walk to the club [Music] [Applause] teaching you used your Louisiana glamour to charm the world take what you've learned here and let them have it. - I don't have a Sugar Daddy, sweetheart. Everything that I've had, I've worked for. And I worked for to get, and I've built myself. So I need you to know that 100%. I don't have a Sugar Daddy. I've never had a Sugar Daddy. If I wanted a Sugar Daddy. Yes, I probably could go and get one because I am what? Sick'ning! You could never have a Sugar Daddy because you are not that kind of girl. Baby, everything I've had I worked for and I've gotten myself. I built myself from the ground up. (beep) bitch! - Hey, hey, no, no, no, no! (beep) no, no, no. - More forced quality time together. I'm thrilled. - So, what do you think of that? Girl, we're safe. - I love it, girl! (both laughing) Girl, your Janet was sick'ning bitch. - This challenge is something you have to prepare for. This is not something you can just throw together. - All right. Oh, I see where this is going. - Who you think's in the bottom? I feel like Lineysha probably. - Um. I mean I bombed this challenge completely. So. - Ru tells me I need to do an apology. I definitely will do that because that was hideous. I knew I would be in the bottom. - Wow. - How do you feel being that, you're just safe with Janet. Something you do six nights a week. (tense music) - Ooh, talk about tension. (dramatic music) You know what? Because we here we might as well just get it out in the open. (queen laughs) When I was doing my makeup and you came at me, and you said you was joking, there is a way you joke. And then there is a way that you do things to try to rip somebody and hurt their feelings. - But- - And you really, really went there with me saying I never won nothing. I always say- - Well first let me say this. This is what I hate about queens. Girls can dish, but they can't take it. - I didn't say nothing to you! - You told me I couldn't complete a reign. And I said, well, you didn't either. - No, I didn't say that! You started in on me completely. - Okay, then I was just playing. - Oh, wow, okay. - You said that was a sensitive subject. The last time we talked about it. - It is a very sensitive, but- - Why would you bring that subject up like that? You understand what I'm saying? - Coco, it's, look. Just like, look like me and her were talking. Jade, you told me I should be wearing a two-piece. - Alyssa will always find a way to take focus off of herself. - Jade, I've never came for your look or your your body weight or anything like that. - If you're gonna come for me then I'm gonna definitely come to you, so. I feel like Alyssa is a person that can dish it but she can never take it. I don't like being ran over and I got somebody that's just gonna be bullied. - Jade, really? Before you read, read yourself first. - Oh honey, you act as if that you're just perfect and polished out of everyone. I feel like I hear your voice everywhere. - You can't come for me! I'm not worried about you or your drag mama. - And honey I ain't worried. After that view that I got the other day, I ain't worried at all. - Jade, jealousy is a killer in this industry. - Baby, I ain't jealous of that, honey. I ain't jealous. - Bring it to the run way. - Honey, and I am! - Put your mouth where your fashion is. - I'm not gonna sit there and be a little lamb. And just someone tear me to shreds. Like you do some of these other girls. - Girl, if I tweaked the judge, I'd judge you on that makeup. But, girl I could judge you on your lack of talent. You're a phony amateur. - To you because you're a mean girl. You're a mean girl. - Girl, you're a joke. - I'm the sweetest bitch you'll meet. But if you come for me, then you'll see a whole new side that you wouldn't have ever imagined. - Honey, let the cookie crumble. - Girl, if I was gonna judge anyone, I judge you on that body where them shoulders should match them hips. But they don't, so. - What? (Coco laughs) - Get her, Jade! - Girl, you have rolls over the place in the back. It was disgusting. (dramatic music) - Back rolls? - This little queen is trying to really come for me today. - Enough. (upbeat music) - Did you see her back? It was like (gags). It was very unpleasant. Honey, mm-mm. (laughs) Did we not get a clear ass vision? For the both of us? - I was thinking it, Jade said it. - I've watched Coco numerous times make low blows about me and my character behind my back. So that lets me know where our friendship stands. Coco, why didn't you come say something to me? - Why would I say anything to you? - It would just hurt your feelings! What is the point? - Hurt my feelings? - Why would I come and tell you that? There was no reason to. - You wouldn't have cared anyway. You won the challenge. - As a friend. - You wouldn't have cared. - I wouldn't have come tell you. It was after the challenge. - Honestly, I'll be honest with you, Coco. If I don't speak to you ever again in my life, or you, I will not be lost. - I think right now a lot of people are very, very frustrated. We're all competing against each other. We start comparing ourselves to each other. Forgetting that bitch, they want you because of you, not because of whatever we'll do with the woo, and whatever, whatever. What you rolling your eyes for? - Because like, that's really cute to say, but you were also the bitch who was like, well I guess the one girl who I want to go home is Yvie because she fought me. - Girl, why are you going backwards? At the time when RuPaul asked, I couldn't think of nobody that can go home. And I said, I'm just gonna say Yvie just because she called me out. But I know what's true. I thought we were closer than that but she wanted to pop off at the red couch with me. That's what bothered me. - And that's why I'm (beep) pissed is because- - It don't (beep) matter! - I did not pop off at you. - Okay! But I'm telling you this, it felt like you did! Okay? - You got defensive and that's the only reason that I pushed any buttons here in the first place! - Because bitch you started crying to me talking about, "Oh I'm so proud of you," and yada, yada, yada. Bitch, I don't want to- - I want to be (beep) proud of you! - I don't feel like this for no reason! And they would've asked me about you. I would've not read your ass and roast your ass right there on the red couch. I would have pulled your ass to the side and said, Yvie, your makeup looks trashy. - I think you're a (beep) terrible sister because I'm not on here to (beep) hide around the corners and be like, "Hey girl." - Bitch, I'm not hiding, ho! - You can yell at this ass when I'm in the top, bitch. - Bye, I'm ignoring you! (beep) bye, I was trying to be cordial with you. - I have a question. We were in the gold bar talking about this. What's the beef between you and Alexis? - I lost my job because of Mimi taking over my whole bar. I have respect because it was not your decision. It was the bar owner. But I feel betrayed. I think personally, I'm sorry. All these girls are better than you - But, here's... This was, we're gonna get personal. We'll get personal. When any employer approaches any of us and says, "Do you want this job? Are you gonna take the job?" I had no idea that he let you go. And if you have a problem with it, you come to me first, girl. - It's just - You, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Sh, I listen to you and now you're gonna listen to me for one hot minute. This is my problem with it. - Act a fool, girl. - I'm here. - Act a fool. - We are living in a world where people look at us like we're freaks. (queen shouts) - I'm acting. - Why are we sitting here, bullying each other? I think it's highly inappropriate. - No, baby! We're not bullying each other! We're having an open discussion. We're not bullying. - Everybody, shut up. - (beep) I did not sign up for this. - Wait, how do you not know what you're signing up for? You dirty did this, girl! (queen yells) - Well, come on, Teletubby! Teleport us to Mars! - What the (beep)! Is this bitch for real? - I did not sign up for something. - No, you started this (beep). - Change your costume, Mimi. (beep) your costume, change it around. - I was feeling like Mimi's kind of turned over a new leaf and then guess who came back, the old Mimi. - I just don't think it's appropriate to talk about (beep) that had nothing to do with anything that's happened here. - Well guess what, Mimi, we did. You Mimi Imfurst. Mimi Imfurst was number third in the voting. I could not believe it. Out of all 50 bitches. - Do not attack my fans, bitch! - Of the (beep) that I've seen, you don't have that many. So out of 50 mother (beep) bitches that have been here, how did you manage that? - Because they need someone to go home first. (queens laughing) - And you know what? This is (beep) annoying, it's stupid. - Thank you. - You know what. - You're not very nice. - Whatever. - You wanted crazy, well you got it now. - People are attacking me and it's just completely immature, childish shenanigans. These people should be ashamed of themselves. I'm done. - Oh my God. They said so many things like- - You're perfect, you're beautiful. You look like Linda Evangelista. You're a model. (light tense music) Everything about you is perfect. Did you stone those tights? Oh, you're smiling. They eat her up every single time she's on that damn stage. She doesn't even, she could walk out there in a (beep) diaper and they're like, "Valentina, your smile is beautiful." - I'm not gonna say nothing today. - Some people can sew, some people can not. - But look at it this way. I just started learning how to do my own makeup when I decided to audition for the show. But I'm not gonna sit around and say, Ooh I don't really know how to do makeup like that. Blah, blah, blah. No, it's not an excuse. - It's not an excuse, but that is the reality of it. - But this is not the first season. - And there is something that I've noticed. - Hold up. So, this is not the first season. Miss Dida, how come you don't know how to do your makeup? So how come you make up ain't nice? - Maybe it's not. But I'm looking at girls that look nice and I'm picking up pointers from them. And then maybe, the second week or the third week, I'll know how to paint well. - I do know how to do other things! Just not sew! - You to sit here and keep on saying, I don't know how to sew. This is the best I can. (beep) that because I could have worn on the shorts that RuPaul, I don't know how to do makeup. This is the best I can do. No! - Did I not just that, but this is what I can do. And this is what I made. That's it. I didn't make no excuses like, oh, well I don't know how to sew. - You did say that! - I said I didn't know how to sew! This is what I made. - Okay, so you don't know how to sew. That's relevant to the competition. - No, because I still made something! Okay, if you lacking one thing, somebody else ain't lacking. Then shut the (beep) up. 'Cause I didn't say nothing about nobody up. Not knowing how to mother(beep) sew! - I didn't say anything about you going on the runway, looking like that. I said nothing about your looks. They said it. The judges. - They said (beep) all week! - Exactly, I'm not here to make best buddies, bitch! - Neither am I! - Then shut the (beep) up! Because you doing a lot of talking. You've been everybody's BFF and ki, ki, ki, ki, ki! No, I'm not here to be your friend, your problem. I'm here to (beep) win! All $100,000 and beat the next (beep) competition. - I'm a lonely girl. I get along with everyone. And clearly I don't get along with you. - That's fine, I don't have to be your friend. I don't have to be your friend to win this show. This is not RuPaul's Best Friend Race! - No (beep), sherlock! - [Narrator] Things were getting pretty heated in the lounge. And as the girls stepped out into the hallway, the tension erupted. - No, she was talking (beep) in that room about me and about her and I don't put up with that. I don't start drama. I end it. - You don't know what the (beep) we're talking about. - You've complained to every bitch in this! - You don't know what (beep) me and her was talking about! - I don't care what you're talking about! - I'm not your job, you're dropping into the conversation. - You have told everybody. You've been complaining all (beep) day. - To certain people, what I'm talking about. - I'm so sick of it. - If you're sick of it, quit paying (beep) attention. You'll probably not supposed to be here because you want to listen to me. - Honey, you're so goddamn loud. Nobody can get a (beep) word in! - I don't give a damn, bitch. - Exactly, so go fix your hair. And fix your mug. - I don't need to fix my mug, bitch. - Honey, you do need to need to fix your mug. - Sweetie, sweetie, I don't care. - Honey, it looks like a tire ran over your face. - Sweetie! - No, no, no! What you are to are talking about? - Okay, I have no issue with what you two are talking about. - Okay, but then- - She's in my mug. In my face. She has been all day. - How? I was never around her! - You were (beep) throwing dust in the room. You're so rude and disrespectful. You have no manners. No class, no manners. - No class, no manners? You piss me off some more, I will whoop your (beep) ass. Bitch, I am from Chicago! I don't gotta get your ass to probably get voted off, bitch! - Hit me, do it. - Walk off! - Do it! Step off, bitch! You better (beep) step off! I will (beep) you up. - Drop the (beep) ball, hit me! Stop the (beep) off! Hit me! I dare you to. - Step the (beep) off! Don't, no, no! Because, sweetie. Sweetie, if I hit you, that would take the lose away from you! - Lost. - That would take the loser way out! And you know what, sweetie, sweetie, guess what? - What? - You're not worth it. Let me walk off. - That's your choice, honey. What you need to do is close your mouth. 'Cause nobody cares about you complaining. That's your problem. Honey, this is a competition, sweetheart. - So I really feel like any one of us three could be in the bottom two. Any one of us. - I totally agree with you. - So you are so clammed up and quiet now, Trinity. What is going on? What is going on in your head? - Tell your sisters. (quietly chuckling) - Are you upset for being in the bottom again? - Oh, it's just kind of, it's like a slap in the face. I mean, I do rap twice a week and I can't execute a rap that I wrote myself. - Trinity has been Sally Sadpants and moping around. Like ugh! You just move on. You can mope or move on. - Another challenge that I wasn't able to do. And it's frustrating. - You know how to embody all of that, bitch. Like, you've got your fashion on point. You know how to sell a (beep) look, you're beautiful. You're gorgeous. You know how to do a (beep) mug like a mother (beep). And it's just like, we all have different qualities about us that make us individuals. And I just think that you have so much. - I understand that if I was on "Project Runway." (light tense music) - Girl. - Or "America's Next Top Model," it would be something different because that requires being beautiful and putting on makeup and selling garments. The challenges are what make or break you. And I keep getting the same critique. It is okay. - It's you who makes or breaks you in the challenges. - You're absolutely right and every time I go out there I feel I do my best, but they don't. - Let me ask you a very fair question. What do you do successfully? Quickly! (tense music) - I hate that every time we're in Untucked the conversations are about me because that's what part that like kind of like really tees me off. I try not to say anything at all so that the focus doesn't go on me - But you're passive aggressive. And you asked for it. - I didn't (beep) ask you. Y'all asked me a question. - Because you sit in the corner and you pout. - I'm not pouting about anything. - Okay. That's why it always comes back to you. Enough is enough. I can not try to pull her up anymore. I can not be her cheerleader any longer. I need to focus on myself and sending her home. - It sucks being up there with your sisters who you have to say who's gonna go home when you think that someone else in this room who was saved should be going home instead. I'm shook about it. - Well say it. Who do you think should go home? - Aiden. - Initially, when I came into this competition, I said that I was not gonna compare myself to anybody because I'm only in a competition with myself but that ain't true, sis, because this is a competition and I'm working so hard and I'm really giving everything that I have to do this. And I don't think that Aiden should have been saved. Also we did three girls, one brain, sis. And I felt like Sherry and I were carrying you. We did this last challenge. I felt like, again, I was carrying you. Like, did you give me an over the top? - Well, bitch, at the end of the day, I am sitting here safe. - Do you think that you should be safe? - Like we had discussed before you girls got here. Going into this challenge, I did have to ask for my line. But once I was given my line, I moved the (beep) on. I took a deep breath. - Wait wait wait. - Girl, child, what it sounds like you're saying is that like they gave me my line and I still kept (beep). They said at the end of the day, I had to (beep) up my line. They could tell I got in my head. But when I got out of that face, I delivered. - To be honest, looking at you performing and looking at Jaida performing, she should be safe and you should be in the bottom. - This is my thing. - Can I say one thing to get this out of the way for the rest of this (beep) season? Because from day (beep) one of this competition, I have had pretty much everybody in this goddamn place coming for me. And at the end, I was the first to be picked out with you as the weakest. - Okay, yeah. - I was the one in my group challenge to be dragged by my own teammates. - But not dragged. - No, let me finish. Let me finish. Regardless of who or whatever. - Child. - I have been taking it from all directions. - Everybody in this competition is being taken from all different directions, bitch, I took it when I was gonna challenge. That was not nothing I was comfortable with. But I still did what the hell I had to do. - I have to focus on what I'm doing. I don't have time. - The girls are just being so petty, messy and just, girl, I need my personal space. The constant verbal assault on Aiden is starting to really piss me off. And these girls just keep going and going and going. And it's frustrating 'cause I'm over here. Like I know I'm about to have to lip sync for my life. And y'all just like, oh, you should be in the bottom. Oh, you should be in the (indistinct). Oh, you should be in the (indistinct). Focus on yo damn self! - I'm over it. I'm so done. Bitch, if I go home today, I'm going home. - Look at me, look at me. But I think you're frustrated. Just let that out and go for it. - They're focused on Aiden. Aiden, said leave her alone. - Then you focus on you, all right. - If you don't like that I'm here and I'm (beep) safe today. - Girl, I don't care if you're here! - I'm not talking to you specifically. I am talking to everybody as a whole because I have had multiple people and I don't have any like hate towards Brita or Sherry for kind of calling me out in our group challenge. But at the end of the day, who gives a (beep)? - Us because our (beep) ass is about to be kicked out. Are you serious? - I understand that. - When I see you (beep) sleeping for two hours on the couch, when I'm working my ass off on an outfit. - And I was in the bottom of that challenge, wasn't I! - Of course, I'm gonna be mad. - No, but I'm the one that had to lip sync. Like I worked so hard on that while you were sleeping. - At the end of the day, it doesn't (beep) matter, okay? The bitch is safe. Leave her the (beep) alone! I'm not gonna go worry about Heidi right now, okay. (beep) you, (beep) you, (beep) you, (beep) you, and (beep) you. I'm worried about Heidi. - What is that about? - Y'all need to leave it alone. Leave her alone. She's clearly bothered. - But nobody's attacking her. - Y'all have been calling out my name this entire time. What do you mean nobody's attacking her. Aiden, Aiden, Aiden, Aiden, Aiden, Aiden, Aiden! - We just, we are having a conversation. And had you not interrupted me so rudely, I would've been able to finish my statement like I was going to. What I had said was, was that the judges have asked you for personality and they wanted to see who you were. And you showed something different, and you showed something that they were looking for. I'm not trying to get on your back. - I was just saying as a whole, I am the one person in this competition who has been called out or pointed at multiple (beep) times. And that is fine. If everybody here thinks I am the weak link, great. Then let me be the (beep) weak link. And I will go home when I go home. - This is real (beep) life. And when you deal with stuff like this, a lot of stuff is blocking you. You know, you can't really be yourself 'cause you have so much in your head. 'Cause it is really hard to work with all you guys. 'Cause you guys really are talented ass group. - But you're here with us. So, so are you. - We're all in the same caliber. - Except for Serena. (queens laughing) - Guys, guys, no I request the floor, ladies. And I'll defend myself a little bit. No, I'll defend myself a little bit. Hey, guys, guys. Okay, okay, okay, okay. - Bitch, sit your ass down shut the hell up, bitch! (queens laughing) - No. - Woo! Oh my God. May I? May I? I request the floor. (all chattering at once) Can I go to the Gold Bar please? (queen screams) - Can I say this? I feel as a leader, you picked the right people for your team. But what you did not do was, you knew she was the choreographer, a dancer who got her own damn studio, you should've said I ain't got nothing to do with the dance. Alyssa, you take care of the dance. Oh, Roxxxy, you got the look. Make sure everybody's makeup is right 'cause your mug is always right and your hair sick'ning. I'ma sit back here and take these three lines. Lay my ass up. And when we hit the top and they say, y'all have one, I'm gonna say, I will pick after you. - Ah, hallelu! (all laughing) - Hallelujah! - The captain always goes down with his ship. Even when he tries to get out of it. You called me old the other day. I may be old and I may have a lot of surgery to make this mug look young. But I'm wise, baby. - Whatever. - Serena is running her mouth. And this is gonna be a (beep) show, honey. Coco, what did you think being on their team? Did you think it was a cute idea? - Girl, thank God. - Why didn't you want to be on that team, they won. - Hell to the no! These girls, there was never a moment we argued about anything. - No, I was the team leader and I won the challenge as well but I made sure that my team was comfortable with what I wanted to do and that I was comfortable with what they wanted to do. It was a huge collaboration. - So they were comfortable with you outshining them. (dramatic music) - You got to learn to open your mouth when it's time to open your mouth. Your mouth always opens. Like they say in it (speaks gibberish). - And I cannot wait until she sends you home. - You trying to say she outshined us? Is that what you're saying? I'm gonna answer for you. You are saying that. - In terms of aesthetics and visuals tonight. Everybody got negative feedback. - Mister, you if anybody were the only one that got complete negative feedback. - And just on the record, lady boy. (queens laughing) This outfit is what I wear to Las Vegas stage. Every single night, people pay over $100 something. - Because there's so many mirrors in them. - So whenever you get a chance to say it, I don't look the part and I ain't doing my job. I've been doing my job since 1992! Was you even born yet? Don't try it, little boy. - Okay, okay, that's fine. That's all fine. But what I mean to say is- - Send her ass home! - Wait no, guys! - For the last moment, you been tearing me, girl. - No, guys, guys! Let's sit down and have an educated and civilized argument at some point. Don't sit here and be like, Bitch, because I'm sick and (speaking gibberish). Bitch, you're sick'ning, bitch, you're sick'ning. (speaking gibberish) What is that? Like speak English, speak English. I can say, I can say except for me, everyone in my team got absolutely completely positive feedback. - Except you! - Except me, yeah. That's what I'm going for. Except for me. Yeah, I'm saying it. - I'm lost right now. - No. - Girl, no she out there, girl. - No, no. - You be wrong. - I'm sorry. I'm sorry at this point. The ghetto-lexic and language is gone. (dramatic music) - Ooh, no she betta' don't! - Who you calling ghetto? Who you calling ghetto? - All of you guys. - No, no, no don't. - What I meant to say however, however, no, no. - Who you calling ghetto? Don't you call nobody ghetto if you don't know nobody. - Ghetto? Who you calling ghetto? Girl, I don't even know you like that! Bitch, please! - Ghetto's a place, mama. - Yeah, exactly. - So don't call someone a place. - The language too, when you "Girl, girl!" I need my asthma pump. - Is she for real? - I learned a new language while I've been here. That's good. I am now trilingual. I can speak Spanish, English, and ghetto. That's something I didn't know. - Uneducated, she was a- - Girl! - She was like, she educated. - I read books. - We gonna be nice. - None of us read books? Is that what you're trying to say? None of us are educated because you went (beep) to school and you keep talking about you going to (beep) school. - I went to school too. - Miss, we are all (beep) educated. - I'm being attacked, I'm being attacked. - I went to school as well. - You're not being attacked, when you start acting like this, Oh, Miss Thing, I'm educated. Oh, Miss Thing, I'm only 21. Who gives a (beep)! I've had it with you. Go the (beep) home. (group screams) I've had it officially. I really could give two (bleeps), just because she went to (beep) art school, she's not a genius, but I've had (beep) it with Serena. I don't appreciate being called uneducated or being referenced to being uneducated. - Miss Thing, I've known you for years and I've never seen you get like this. - A punk has never gotten me like that. - My biggest thing is this. Girl, you're saying a lot of (beep), but you know what you say? Don't play dumb, girl, don't play dumb. - Ooh, I was ready to pick up that table and bash her over the head with it. She's lucky I signed the contract. (rhythmic beat) - It's easy to kind of doubt yourself and lose faith in yourself. - But he obviously wants you to stay, exactly, and pull through and you can. - I know this is not a good time to do this but now I need to talk to Ms. Laganja. It's time to clear the air. One of the few times I was in this room, Laganja had received a message from her family. And I cracked some jokes, some other people laugh, and I apologize immediately. And then I had asked you basically, were your parents against you because you were gay? And you said, no, not at all. They were absolutely loving parents. They just didn't like the drag thing. After that, you went on and complained and cried and said I took away from you 24 years of what you were waiting to hear. And you did this amazing moment. And I got to thinking after I left and after I apologized 'cause I thought it was very sincere of me that it was a crock of (beep). (dramatic music) Because frankly you've been only doing drag for two years. I believe that you've come into this competition with an act. You came in waterworks. Woe is me. Woe is me. Woe is me. And you're not even giving a true story. So explain that to me. She's just not getting it. And who knows? She may not be here next week to have this conversation. - It's a little cheap of you to come for me when I'm already really down. But no surprise there. - You know what, I don't know what you're experiencing. I only know what you tell me and I'm not kicking you when you're down. You were making me feel like your parents never liked you because you were gay. And for that, I was like, I'm very sorry, that wasn't what I was intending to do. I'm simply saying maybe this is part of the reason why people start going, mm, not adding up because it does come across as phony. It's just this heightened moment that you go into, click, I'm on. I feel bad because I like Laganja. But I also think she's just not allowing herself to be who she is which sounds crazy when we're talking about men in wigs. But it's a little too much. It's a little too forced. - I think I have been 100% J and I'm sorry that it's been annoying. And I'm sorry that you feel I've tried to be something that I'm not. - When you've had conversations with me off camera, you're a very lovely person. - I think I'm being me when I do things. And when I say things in a different voice, I have never noticed that I'm not being myself. That's why I'm saying this is the first time that you've all brought this to me. And if it, well, go ahead and make that face. - This is the face I got. - Hit it, hit it, girl, hit it. 'Cause you know what? If that's what you need to do to feel better about yourself go for it. - I'm not gonna pick a fight with her. All I was trying to do was encourage this bitch to act more like herself. (Loganja groans) - I have a question. Are you aware of like the two kind of different personalities I'm talking- - No! No, Courtney! - This right now, that's the bitch that I know. I don't know yet, mama. - When I'm with my best friends, I say yes, mama. That ain't how you talk when I hang out with you when the cameras aren't here. And when Michelle called it out, it made me (beep) have the opportunity to bring it to your attention. (dramatic music) This isn't Barney and Friends, girl. - Clearly. - I think Laganja has got the message today. - Loud and (beep) clear y'all, I got it. I got it from you. I got it from you, I am annoying. I am fake. I'm not who I'm being. I'm pretending to be somebody I'm not. - No, that's what I did not want to make it, Ganja. - Well, how am I supposed to feel in this moment? - Ganja, I didn't want to make it so that everybody was attacking you! - I feel very attacked! - Relax, relax. Relax. - I just thought I was gonna be able to come in here and be who I am and have a heart and show that to people and have them respect that. But I don't know why I expected anything different. It's just like the human race. We all are just (beep) evil. Whatever, at the end of the day, I'm probably gonna lip sync and they're gonna send my ass home and you can all have a good time and laugh about it. - That's not what the (beep) it's about! - Relax, relax, relax, take it down to a two. (dramatic music) - This is just too (beep) much! You broke me down. I feel like (beep). I look stupid. God, this (beep) sucks. I'd like to leave. I'd love to leave. Can y'all get my (beep) nails that fell off because I'm such a disaster. Send me (beep) home! Go ahead. - I don't know if we handled that the best way. (Laganja sobbing) - I don't know if I handled that all well, but I just went off to the conversation that was going. I didn't want to make her feel ostracized or like we were picking on her in any way. (Laganja sobbing) I feel really bad. I didn't want to come off as the bully, but she really needed to hear some (beep) tough love. Like, this (beep) is not cute. Like even a friend is telling you, like, this is not cute. I just really don't want her to feel picked on. And that was like my main thing from the beginning. I think she needs to figure out what is really going on with herself because I know she's fierce and I know she has it in her. - I'm arrogant to you? - No. - I'm arrogant to you? I'm arrogant to you? I'm arrogant to you? I'm arrogant to you? Okay, I'm arrogant to you? - What are you doing right now, girl? - I asked you a question. Am I arrogant to you? I want to ask the girls. If I'm arrogant, am I arrogant to you? - Things you have said, I've thought were a little bit arrogant, but that doesn't make me dislike you. - If I'm saying something arrogant in the moment, call it out. - I think you're being arrogant right now. - If we think there's something wrong with it. - Yeah, I like just got called arrogant. Of course I'm defensive and I'm (beep) upset. You just walked in and say, oh, I don't like you 'cause you being arrogant. Girl, get the (beep) out here with that bullshit! - Oh that's not bullshit, that's a fact. - Like I said, if you don't have star quality, get the (beep) outta here! - Girl, star quality? I've been around 30 years, little girl. - That's fine, and you'll be on the bottom tonight. - Every week somebody's gonna be in the bottom. - Like I said. - Like I said, little girl. I've been around 30 years. - That's fine and I'm sitting here pretty. - And you are pretty! - So let me be arrogant. Let me be arrogant, baby. - It does not change what I said. I said what I said. - I think I never ever heard of any of you bitches in this competition tell that to me to my face now. - I just did! - I don't know how we just got from Point A to Point B. 'Cause all I said is y'all walked in. I said, how do you guys feel? Let's talk about who we think were in the tops and the bottoms. 'Cause we all know we killed it. And we were all were there and all of a sudden and it turned into, I don't like people in here and you're arrogant. - Out of nowhere! - All we asked was who's in the top and who's the bottom. Let's have a conversation about that. And then you read, there are bitches in here I don't like. - And if you don't like me, you don't have to pretend that you like me. It's fine. - I pretend I'm a grown ass woman. - That's fine. - But where did that conversation come from? - It came from because as I have observed you girls. - I don't give a (beep). - Neither one of us gives a (beep). - No, you do 'cause you walked in and say, I don't like some of you girls, you, so you care. - It was just that I was addressing the situation. - So I'll tell you right now. So I'm gonna walk away because I need to calm down. 'Cause bitches in here wanna mother(beep) try me and I'm ready to pop the (beep) off. 'Cause you gonna say, you call me arrogant. And like, you don't like me. Bitch, you don't know me from a mother (beep) hole in the wall, all right! So I suggest. - I'm not gonna be intimidated. - Oh, yes the hell you are! - You got the right one. - Yes the (beep) you are, baby. Like I said. - I don't care about the bomb. - Get the problems and the issues that y'all have. - You got the right problem, girl. - Wait up, what the (beep) gives? - What any of the bottom girls have to say about me. - Don't matter girl. This is a game! - Suck it, bitch! - This is a game. - That's what I'm talking about. How (beep) gets fun and (beep) like that. Always had who's the top, who's out. It was unnecessary. It was all that. We didn't ask that question. Nobody asks that question. - I answered that question! - We said who's in the top and who is in the bottom? - I'm in the bottom. I'm gonna rehearse. I'm in the bottom. - What all did I say that I heard? - Girls, I don't I want to be here right now. I want to go outside. - Just come sit. - I do not want to be in here. And I'm gonna smack the (beep) out of someone. I do not want to be here. - Bitch, you may say the meanest things. But you won't hit me. - This is (beep) ridiculous. - You won't hit me. - Girl, I suggest you get the (beep) out of my (beep). Shut the (beep) up. - I'm the right one to fight you, little girl. - Listen, you walked in here. You walked in here. I (beep). And talking about you're arrogant. - Tamisha, just leave her alone! - That's not my issue, baby. - Guys, stop. - I've never been arrogant to you, never. I was nice to you, baby girl. I want to go outside. Do not want to be in here. - Take her out. - Holy (beep)! - Why I had the camera out. - [Narrator] Back in the lounge, Shangela was getting real with her teammates. - You just have a very feminine features like your snack. - You too. - Yeah. - And you too, and you too. And we exchanged our notes. - Wait, so why didn't I get my category? Why did you go around the room and point at everybody else but me? - Because you do camp. - She say you like a man. I'm not trying to make an illusion, girl. I'm not trying to fool nobody. I'm a woman. I'm a man in a dress. No, listen. I don't consider myself a female impersonator. I'm a drag queen. There's a big difference for me. - I think we're all supposed to be polished. We can have dramatic makeup. It needs to be blended. - Disagree, I don't think it has to be polished, completely disagree. - I don't think that we need to walk around with blotchy makeup to be drag queens. You can be dramatic and be smooth and polished and everything blend in. I'm tired of seeing patches and blotches of highlight here and there. No, ma'am, girl smooth that (beep) out. Blend it out. - Okay, like in New York, it's very different. Everywhere else. You either getting ready at the club or you were throwing your stuff into a car and you were going there and you were taken care of. In New York City, you gotta get ready at home. Go on public transport, go to the gig. There's no dressing rooms in the bars in New York City. - Now timeout. What does that have to do about you putting the time and effort into your face? - It's very different. It's a very, it's a different style of drag. - So you're saying the queens in New York are busted and horrible. - Listen, it's rough around the edges. - Make it work. - It's rough around the edges. - Wherever you are. You have no excuses. You have no excuses for not turning up every time you hit the stage. - I'm feeling all of them versus me right now. Everyone, all the contestants, but me. - You were picked by me for a particular reason. - Well, wait a minute. Was she picked, she was the last person. You didn't have a choice. - I needed a villain and she's my villain. Mariah, she was left between her and the blank space. Was she picked? - She was truly picked. And I stick by every one of my decisions. - Queen, last time on the runway, they asked her, are you going to be always camp? You told them you could do glamor and you were high fashion. So, do feel that you delivered that today. That's the question. - No, but I don't think that was the challenge. - Don't tip toe around the answer. The thing is you told them you have glamor. Do you think you can deliver glamor? 'Cause you just told us that what you do is camp. - I was channeling Leigh Bowery today. - [Mariah] You, girl, it was camp. - No, it was Leigh Bowery, girl. Did you see this glasses I was wearing? It was Leigh Bowery. - Yours was thrown together. Those eyes just glued onto that costume. What is the deal? That's not from future. Your fishnets are ripped all over the place. - They're not ripped on the runway, girl. - Yes they were. Those fishnets were ripped. That's just the truth. - I keep it real. You know what, Shangela, I keep it real. - I know who you are. It's not about me knowing who I am. It's the truth. The fishnets are ripped, done. - But listen. - Hold up, anyone else on the fishnets? Wait, you gonna let me speak?. No? Anyone else saw the fishnets, were they ripped? - I saw the fishnets and they were ripped. - Done, that's all, I tell you the truth. - Okay, out on the runway, who had the most creative idea? On the entire night 'cause there were 5,000 Judy Jetson hookers there. - Oh wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a whole lot. So I look like a Judy Jetson hooker. So I'm Judy Jetson hooker. - It was a lot of the same. It was a lot of the same. - And you different? - I was a thousand times more creative than anybody here. - Ah, thousand times. - Like I'm not gonna come down the runway looking like you, like you do you, I'm gonna be me. - What is me? And what is you? - What is you? Girl, look at you. Grab a mirror. You can come down the runway and look like you've stepped off a rodeo drive like a goddamn supermodel. I will never look like that. - True. You'll never be glamor - Ooh, just 'cause you got a Sugar Daddy who pays for everything for you. - [Queens] Ooh! - Where did this bitch hear that I had a sugar daddy? Time out, hold up, hold up, sweetheart. Let's get it together before you want to read. I'm not even in a relationship. Let alone have some old man shacked up with that's buying me all my drag and costumes. I don't have a Sugar Daddy, sweetheart. Everything that I've had, I've worked for. And I worked for to get and I've built myself. So I need you to know that 100%. I don't have a Sugar Daddy. I've never had a Sugar Daddy. If I wanted a Sugar Daddy, yes, I probably could go out and get one because I am what? Sick'ning! You could never have a Sugar Daddy because you are not that kind of girl. Baby, everything I've had I worked for and I've gotten myself. I built myself from the ground up. (beep) bitch! (queens chattering) - No, no, no. (beep) no, no, no. - You (beep). Hold on now. (light tense music) so how did everybody feel about what [Music] what the  and drag is your profession acting is my profession okay you are very versatile i'm sure [Music] i'm feeling like  feeling like  child that's not cute well girl it is [Music] like girl really but as a person i'm uh well sort of kinda you guys know i am girl sorry i'm not shady you   you don't have to nail the first photo shoot to be america's next track superstar could we just look at how amazing that is if you just ignore her real face down there then i didn't fall on purpose i don't need to do that  for attention have you seen my mug god i don't know what i think about that girl let's get magnolia out the way let's get me out of the way really let's get you out of the way wow you were digging deeper you were baby jessica you were in that  well and there was no way out when i look at this dress i feel like hoedown meets high school prom in 1993. and i felt for you because i'm going shut up shut up you know they said i'm wearing too much makeup all right they're liars i'm only here for exposure when you finally do get exposed you better have something to show she's stupid it's because it's a huge possibility that you're on the bottom too i mean you want to be a cold  vehicle  but that's a tough  job i do it on stage i can't do it in real life if you're that committed to that i think it's lovely because somebody has to go home and you know what if it's you i'll help you pack  if it was a ladder you'd be the highest it's at least likely you know i'm the winner of the losers no no keep it up can we just talk about me sure i feel like your outfit was if in doubt add more it was just like crap on youtube on crap on crap let me give america what trinity would give at home on a regular show you're going to say that you actually working in a bar in america is that america is actually there to watch it that was a joke there anyway what i was saying it's just blocking the way you know what though this body seats six and that's a damn shame there was only four guys anybody i've gone home with i've been very honest and said i am a clown and unless you don't like being under a big top you need to get the  out i've heard this before if you're gonna be in the bottom just be good take it like the  you are pretend it's prison if you're gonna be in the bottom be a power bottom thank you courtney and who says you can't give good head at first i was like trip for two white ass i was like hey now how did you feel about their makeup did you think it was really 80s because i know you that you have been around since then well you're older than me don't try it i hope there's a hurricane on that trip you take to florida you  [Music] you already won the challenge you're not that good it's uh vivacious it's lunch yep i was right i'm gonna put that in a stock i do not want to know what's inside that box what if i reach in it's a vagina [Music] does it feel like chia's face oh it's soft and squishy shady live bees this moment i'm making my father really proud by sticking my hand in a big pink box diaper with like some special sauce in it and this is an adult diaper too you wanna try this on darian jocelyn must be pregnant cause this  is throwing up should we talk about kimora her wonky eye on that first day she was in her studs and everything her eye was out here with her lash what about vivacious why were the other girls born no no no i'm serious no tea no shade girl like i'm not like that's nothing against you but right now i got my own  to worry about those little shady apes all threw me on the bus that's right hashtag shady apes like she's a she has a really firm fat guy ass i love that would you give me a drink probably i think the thing is is uh-huh don't be scared assume the position i'll just come get my birth control over here i think that's disgusting and i will keep you in my prayers darian you must pick somebody to kai kai like gun to my head gunshot dick i would pick bullet [Laughter] i was thinking for a minute who's  oh now i feel  ugly notice how the conversation went back to her no no no no no no no no no no no so dayla asked me who wouldn't i work with from your guys's group and i said bianca but the energy that i get from you is very like fierce competition like well isn't that what we're here for and if i was a team leader you would sell me up the river oh uh well uh what's your name again well majority of these younger queens have this idea that it's all about sisterhood and being friendly  these  i'm in a drag competition every clown for their  selves we're eccentric we're kind of loud we're very like but i think it's funny that you're eccentric and you're loud and you're all over the place but you didn't win an acting challenge [Applause] no it's called the  truth of it all what i'm saying is if you're so full of personality in the workroom apply it to the stage girl i mean apply it apply it to the  challenge  don't tell me about it why are you in a sucky mood because i'm homesick it may not mean  to y'all but my mom and my you know my boyfriend and stuff like that that means  to y'all because you all seem like cold heartless  that i'm not here to be liked this is not sisters of the travel and pantyhose i don't care to be best friends with them i've met some amazing people and i like them but i'm called the  when i'm honestly going i'm here to  win it's also just not that personal  anybody that comes down the runway looking like that thinking that that's tony awards i want to get into your brain so what's going on and let me tell you honey i'm sorry but drag means dressing up as girls i don't i don't i don't see femininity clearly i'm on the 10 and she's on the wand but oh you're ignorant i'm sorry it's ignorant oh ignorant no okay well you should have been ready for that hair but you work back to you mommy where i come from you might as well call me a dumbass  because you calling me ignorant is the biggest  insult to me ever you're welcome well honey just because nobody's interested in your style because it looks like it came from the  kingston euro store  are you  kidding me right now you look like a  dumpster laganja is star i think your parents are absolutely lovely and the fact that they're making an effort is good the only thing i disagree with is that they think you're gonna win so i'm kidding [Music] what's important in this moment is me i do think it's kind of  up how you guys are making a joke of it and saying shady things because this was my moment and this was about me spreading my wings and goddamn and i will spread my wings so say what you  want i step into situations where i see people getting really frustrated i don't know what milk's sign is but she's turning sour at this point i'm pretty sure she's expired fly fly fly yes girl you can fly somebody clip her wings i know right now jump off the cliff like the way i talk is a problem you can kiss my  ass yeah how dare he said that on the runway yes and i could hear him she's an endangered species she's an endangered species she is santino was actually making fun of me sensational do you think that milk can actually do like full beauty drag i'm not sure that milk has the makeup skills to do full beauty dress there's one thing that a big girl will always tell you she don't want to show her upper arms but you know what i'm gonna take my bat wings and i'm gonna fly so does zoe rash actually sound like a robot well you know i was trying to make a caricature of her so yeah when bianca said that it did throw me off it's a snatch game and i'm judge judy and i'm filling in a spot judy doesn't like anybody she thinks everybody's  stupid and wasting her time but did you not pick me to come for first i don't think she was like coming for you girl if i want to come for you i'll come to your room at night and cut your  wigs up you're very competitive girl i never doubted for a second but at the end of the day no matter how competitive i am i have a heart no hold up okay now you see this is that passive aggressive  i'm not going for it i'm mad at you but i'm not buying what the  girl you're insinuating that i don't have a heart because i just said that to you well did you not or did you not come for me today when today we're drag queens in a  competition the only thing worse is  prison for christ what the   but when did i come for you i'm not saying you came for me but i i do feel a little bit shafted by you when i don't remember the exact comment you said but earlier i do feel like you were you were saying i don't even know but i i just i i felt a little hurt by you earlier oh god don't do all that girl don't do all that there was not one  point that i did not give you to tell you to put your  chin up and slay when you go out there so don't do that and try to manipulate that girl because that will not make me feel good and that would not make me look good and that was not cute right now don't do that girl that's how you feel and and i did not make you feel any type of way  i was in the  hallway telling you to put your chin up like i said a door i can't specifically point out what you said but i know that whatever you said it didn't hurt me okay a dorso so the 600 compliments don't mean  but if you say something that says oh you might have to lip-sync it becomes really personal i really don't understand gia and laganja's relationship she is the only one that believes the conscious  and they're acting like they've been  friends forever what is this color purple you're sensitive to all of that and you're this and you're the first person to walk in there with a big old turban on your head a half cut shirt some heels twirling around all day long saying miss hunty miss mama miss thing is that you know what maybe a little less of that a little bit more of a pat on the back for yourself and put it and apply it to what that is put it to what you're doing if you say you're a fierce performer i don't know until i see it listen to me listen to me now listen to me so what are you gonna do are you gonna give up exactly so wipe up your  makeup glue that bottom lash on and  may the baddest  win that's it this is the moment that counts if i came here to be safe i would have walked in in a condo you know 90s wrap is like totally something i love weren't you like six in the 90s girl please if roo told me that i'm relying on pretty much why did i do milk space and milk will do my i think you should that's actually the most exciting idea i've heard in a very long time the milk oh is she a man it's a man is it milk no but it's a man are her teeth pretty yeah yes does she have good outfits no is it jocelyn yes [Music] is she pretty yes is it me i said yes to the first question is she talented um is it trinity yeah oh is she pretty no i mean yes [Music] in her own unique way so no she's pretty but she's not like pretty like bianca del rio's face is bianca del rio's face it's been that way for a long time if i was on project runway that requires being beautiful and putting on makeup and selling garments every time i go out there i feel i do my best but they don't let me ask you a very fair question what do you do successfully quickly i'll be direct about it tyrion why don't you choose me and i'll be completely honest it's none of your  business well everyone else is relying on ugly why can't i rely on pretty you  man and i suggest you start applying that orange around the beard area really look where you're at  home writing lettuce to us shut up gizlet i know we had a rough start not as rough as your wigs and your mug i definitely see the good in you and i don't mean that baby oil you've had injected into you that you claim not to have milk you are my bestest friend and i know that i will always think of you as a man and consider you a drag king and if you truly believe that i'm being sincere look in the mirror again and again until you see your inner non-existent femininity oh  i think the problem with these queens is they think that vulnerability is crying that's not the case i just want to say to you you know daila i totally totally get where you're coming from girl are you for serious right now i think you're taking a little more personal than what she's saying what she found missing was probably the human side of you i feel that sometimes when they're critiquing you you agree with everything they say without having a backbone and i thought i agreed today you said i tried i did like you had to put up no you had the perfect answer for it but as soon as we leave there that you'd be the first person to go    i can't believe that i'm but what am i am i supposed to say michelle you don't have to say anything just as much instinct as it takes for you to put this outfit on it takes that much balls for you to say you know what this is me or you don't even have to say it you just go mm-hmm but i i honestly i felt like tonight i did represent myself more and i i did feel like i was a little bit more honest with them than normal you know and i don't i haven't been there for each time you've been critiqued exactly so i mean no shade no tea it's cute mama because all eyes are clearly on me when i was getting red it was that i was wearing four or five bathing suits on top of each other so now it's two or three [Laughter] i think i just think that the dra your drag isn't as polished as the other dragon competition right now when you walk in that untucked room  you better have your guns loaded honey you are sickening and these  can't take you girl okay and they are jealous of your boogies yes god you better turn it out amen oh god the concho did y'all clock her nails clearly mine are better yes they're all tangled for  sake does a human being really talk like that she's come in with a plan and she thinks what she's doing i know it's working anytime she's gotten a critique it's always like i agree and tomorrow i'm gonna apply it how many weeks into this  i'm learning i'm young i have amazing friends i have this i have that well obviously that ain't  helping you i was raised by a wolves  and i'm still surviving and my shit's together last time we were in this room her parents sent a lovely message we all congratulated her thought it was a lovely thing i asked her what the situation was i said was it from the fact that you were gay she's like no they loved me my entire life that i was gay it was just the whole drag thing and then after i left the room i did the math if they only disliked you doing drag you've only done drag for two  years and the words of judge judy baloney  you put on the voice i genuinely feel that that voice doesn't seem genuine i agree though girl it all is kind of affecting us individually i think at first it totally put me off it's like nobody goes home empty-handed at this point i'm not going home [Laughter] [Music] i know this is not a good time to do this but now i need to talk to miss laganja it's time to clear the air basically were your parents against you because you were gay and you said no not at all they were absolutely loving parents they just didn't like the drag thing after that you went on and complained and cried and said i took away from you 24 years of what you were waiting to hear and you did this amazing moment and i got to thinking after i left and after i apologize because i thought it was very sincere of me that it was a crack of  because frankly you've been only doing drag for two years i believe that you've come into this competition with an act and you're not even given a true story so explain that to me she's just not getting it and who knows she may not be here next week to have this conversation it's a little cheap of you to come for me when i'm already really down but no surprise there you know when i don't know what you're experiencing i only know what you tell me and i'm not kicking you when you're down you were making me feel like your parents never liked you because you were gay and for that i was like i'm very sorry that wasn't what i was intending to do i'm simply saying maybe this is part of the reason why people start going not adding up because it does come across as phony she's not allowing herself to be who she is which sounds crazy when we're talking about men and wigs but it's a little too much it's a little too forced i think i have been 100 jay and i'm sorry that it's been annoying and i'm sorry that you feel i've tried to be something that i'm not when you've had conversations with me off camera you're a very lovely person i think i'm being me when i do things and when i say things in a different voice i have never noticed that i'm not being myself that's why i'm saying this is the first time that you've all brought this to me and if it well go ahead and i'm listening this is the face i got it hit it girl hit it because you know what if that's what you need to do to feel better about yourself go for it i'm not gonna pick a fight with her all i was trying to do was encourage this  to act more like herself this right now that's the  that i know i don't know yes mom when i'm with my best friends i say yes mama that ain't how you talk when i hang out with you when the cameras aren't here and when michelle calls it out it made me  have the opportunity to bring it to your attention this has been barney and friends girl clearly i think laganja's got the message today loud and  clear y'all i got it i got it from you i got it from you i no that's what i did not want to make it gone how am i supposed to feel in this moment ganja i didn't want to make it that everybody was attacking you i feel very attacked relax relax whatever at the end of the day i'm probably going to lipstick and they're going to send my ass home and you can all have a good time and laugh about that what the  it's about this is just too  much you broke me down i feel like  i look stupid i'd like to leave i'd love to leave can y'all get my  nail that fell off because i'm such a disaster send me  home i'm done the conversations i've had with her when she's not acting it's great i didn't know if like she would like recognize me like we did have a mask on i have two math i would really love the opportunity to be the first you know drag queen to get to go to the bt mtv swords grammys oscars and just interview people on the runway and look absolutely fabulous i mean you have to learn their names there chad hey  happens oh my god i'm so excited and try to okay so chad um well chad [Music] chad i can't [Music] oh how do i shady elephant if you say we need to wear jewelry you wear the whole store there's too many of these queens from from drag race trying to sing so don't put out an album when it comes to beating my face i am up there with a pros maybe she thought beating meant something else maybe just got beat up yeah you remind me of a white crayon totally useless when is with you attacking everybody damn you've been hateful all day and you know you're hateful when i'm saying you're hateful why do we have to dress for your ass that doesn't mean it's fashionable get the sewing machine away from me i want nothing to do with it you got to get your skills up i know my wife wants to hire you to do her makeup when you said i know my wife wants you to do her makeup i got nervous not gonna happen i just want to say that i've had the time of my life it's been so much fun you made all my nightmares come true ah she does that for a lot of men [Laughter] when you were sitting there just kind of like fussing with it i was like oh girl's in trouble girl is in trouble we were saying exactly the same thing about you right and it still continues girl's in trouble i would really like to say bianca that i did not intend that word to come off as sailing like you don't put an effort i think that some folks like bianca just sail through and do really well at everything apparently i'm sailing now is that a bad thing whatever queen i should pick your ass just for being a  no that was very condescending how darien felt about being chosen as the queen who should be eliminated well i thought i had friends in this competition knowing that it's from people that i consider my friends even if we're just on facebook i'm already at my limit so i can't be bothered with you at all go back to my space  that's very that i felt so horrible about the way she went out you know i don't hate the person she just was a lot to deal with and it was always somebody else's fault i don't have any patience i have got to sail through these challenges i don't have time to be sitting back and listening to people's feelings the boat is leaving it was amanda's accomplished shut up just so you both know whatever happens in all of this world i'll never be as old as the both of you and here i am old close to her age although not that close when i'm the size of uranus of course i'm going to eclipse the sun and give you a lot of shade that's just the fact you said darian and top which i know you're not in the same sense makes me chuckle oh i feel like i'm already gonna be america's next drag superstar no you're not you're gonna be a star from the show but you're not gonna be america's next drag superstar there's no more second chances this is it i'm ready to let these  have it nobody's safe get your perishables after yesterday's challenge i would put you at full after watching everybody's tapes i thought you too no it's i'm not creating a moment i have seriously met friends for a reason a season or a lifetime i would be friends with you more than just on facebook do you have a home phone number wow you're showing up she's really shutting away you see i was gonna be your friend she just said that i can't be how else does she call for delivery i love saying goodbye there's nothing better than shutting that coffin it's been an amazing journey and then you guys have been and great to to get to know and hang out with i'm looking forward to the journey after but if any of you win and i don't you will get killed i will definitely keep in touch via facebook. (audience cheers) - Welcome to the second annual RuPaul's Roast. This year, we are really switching things up. Instead of RuPaul, we are going to roast a man of true charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent. (laughing) Unfortunately, he was unavailable, so it's going to be Michelle Visage. Michelle, we know you for being a kind, patient, she-ro. And gonorrhea clinics know you as patient zero. Girl, you have had more (beep) in you than a urinal at Dodger Stadium. The only difference is, they get cleaned up after a grand slam. Well ladies and gentleman, just remember, if you liked my performance. my name is Shea Cooley, and if you hated it, it's Nina Bo'nina Brown. (audience laughs and applauds) - Thank you, Shea Cooley. That was extremely edifying humor. Sorry. Am I using that word correctly? Not edifying. I know that one. It was humor that I wasn't sure worked in this context. Tonight we really do have an opportunity to salute empowering representation in the media. We have an out and proud lesbian comedian. Thank you so much, Ross Matthews. Ross Matthews has the face of a young gay man and the voice of an adult woman. So the opposite of Tamar Braxton. (laughing) - Bitch! - I'ma get yo ass. - It's now come time to talk about Michelle Visage herself. Michelle is so Jersey, her idea of classical music is Lisa Lisa. - Oh! - Michelle Visage is so Jersey, she calls her pubic hair the garden state express way. And let's not even get started on the hall and tunnel. Michelle Visage is, I have more of these. Michelle Visage is so Jersey, she wanted to call her second child white flight. Oh, well that one worked in my mind. And now a queen who combines all the excitement of smiling, with the thrill of just standing there. Give it up for Valentina. (audience applauds) - Mama RuPaul, you are the shadiest queen, because you let Michelle Visage look so busted on season three, and four, and five and six and seven and eight. And girl, that's your friend, that's (beep) up. Michelle is such a cochina that she knows how to say and spell "harder" in six different languages. Michelle, you is such a tired ass hoe that when you got carpal tunnel from giving out free hand job, she just became left-handed. (laughing) - I'm so confused. - Ross, you're just so cute and so sweet. You just remind me of a cute hamster. I just want to shove you up my butt. (laughing) - Thank you, Pedro, muy bien. Please excuse the way I'm dressed, I have to go feed the chickens after this and I didn't want to wear my good things. I sometimes even have to wrestle a few of them. Michelle, you know all about wrestling cocks, don't ya? I think we have a lot in common, from the same tastes in hairspray to the same units of Botox, fillers, lifts, tuck, snips, and hips. Michelle, every time I walk the runway, you have this pungent look on your face. Kind of like you got to (beep). I reckon they have some laxatives for that. Just a secret, we all poop. - Let's get this roast a cooking. Can we please put our hands together for the one, the only, Michelle Visage's breasts. They're the real star of the show. Sorry, RuPaul. Hm, hmm. I find it hilarious that Michelle Visage judges a talent competition. I don't know about you, but don't you actually have to have talent to do that? Hah. And I'm pretty sure having one song in the nineties that no one even remembers doesn't qualify you to be a judge on such a big TV show. Good thing she's been (beep) RuPaul's (beep) for so long. - Woo! - Ah. - Oh. And we've got Tamar Braxton in the house. Tamar Braxton. However you say it. She's Toni Braxton's less talented, more annoying sister. Anyways, now that Michelle's stick breath has stunk up this entire stage, I'd like to introduce our next minty contestant, Peppermint. (audience cheers) - Hey y'all. Thank you, Farrah Moan. (audience laughs) Ross, everyone says that your voice is annoying and high pitched, but I actually the sound of your voice right now. (audience laughs) Shh, don't talk, don't talk. Michelle Visage, Michelle, Michelle. Not since Destiny's Child has Michelle becomes so famous for riding somebody else's coattails. - Ah! (audience laughs) RuPaul, all smiles. Ross, all smiles. Michelle, poker face. No, seriously, someone poke her face. It doesn't even move! Michelle says no to everything. Michelle, you like my dress? No. You like my makeup? No. Bitch, where the hell were you when somebody asked you if you wanted to write that book? (audience laughs) It's a great book, Michelle, said no one. Honestly, I fell in love with you, Michelle, watching you and RuPaul on VH1. And I'm so honored to share this moment with you, so thank you. Happy 90th birthday, Michelle. (audience applauds) - Hey babies. It's the me, Mother Maybelline. Nina Bo'Nina Banana Fofana Osama Bin Laden's Brown great aunt. (audience laughs) Coming all the way from the Lions, Tigers, and Bears, the Sheep of the Lord Missionary Baptist Church. Praise the Lord. (audience laughs) Moving on to the man of the hour, RuPaul's secretary, Michelle Visage. You know, Michelle, your face reminds me of my hip. Stiff. Oh Jesus. (laughing) What's your name, baby? You are a whole lot of woman. Mm hmm. Well, we normally save the best for last, but in this case, we had to settle for Alexis Michelle. (audience applauds) - Oh, Michelle, Michelle, Michelle. In honor of your big night, I wore your favorite color, girl. We have so much in common, Michelle. We have the theater running in our veins, Michelle. You also have several venereal diseases running through yours, but that's besides the point. But you know, you're also an inspiration to me, Michelle. As thin as you have become, one area has stayed the same, unchanged, it's a Hanukkah miracle, barukh shem. Oh my goodness, Fortune. You also know about playing second fiddle. You've been playing bull (beep) to Chelsea. Handler's alcoholic wasp for ages now. Now Michelle, I have to congratulate you on really being able to take the piss. Just ask the UK men's water polo team. - Okay? - She loves water sports, she loves the UK, and we love you, mama. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. It's been real, good night, everybody. - This is not a happy ending. - And it don't help that you look like She-Hulk. - I literally already don't (beep) with her because she doesn't like me 'cause I'm different. And I'm fine with that. - [Silky] And it's fine! - What, not because you're different, because you're coming for me. - Yeah, I'm different 'cause I'm not gonna shut my mouth when I don't like something. - That is completely fine. I'm in this competition, not for your satisfaction. - Girl, and apparently not for the judges' either. - [Silky] What? (dramatic sound) - [RuPaul] Girl! - [Morgan] Who's was the best runway outfit? Who do you think? - I think mine was the best. - [Morgan] See, I thought you were more rock 'n' roll than country. - Really? - A little bit, yeah. I'm not dogging you by any means, I just thought it was more like Lita Ford. (dramatic sound) I didn't like the corset that Jessica was rocking. - [Sonique] Really? - [Morgan] Yeah. I thought it threw her look. (upbeat music) What about Pandora? What did you think of her costume? - [Sonique] I thought the little applique that she did was cutesy. It reminded of a baby doll almost. - But there's something about the top that bothered me. The brown. Maybe it's just too plain 'cause the pants popped so much. - I think Morgan needs to be knocked off her high horse because Morgan has put herself out there as this amazing performer that knows everything. (dramatic music) What do you feel about what they critiqued you on, Morgan? - When RuPaul told me that there was a fine line between innuendo and being crude, I understood. You know, I was being crude as a joke. - [Sonique] Right. - I am so happy that someone said something about Morgan's whoreness. I'm all for being crude, but there's a time and place, and I feel like she doesn't know either. (soft upbeat music) - I don't know. I wish you would say what you really felt. - You guys have no idea who I am. - [Morgan] Right, but the thing you're giving me is a pussy. - A pussy? (dramatic sounds) - Yeah, you're trying to be the nice one. - [Tatianna] But that's who I am. - Right. - I don't bite- - [Morgan] But the lack of the decision makes you look like a doormat. (dramatic music) - Think that I'm a doormat. Think it. And then, when you find out about me a little bit more down the road. (Tatianna snaps) Think what you want! You don't know me. You don't know what angle I'm playing this game at. Underestimate me, please do. That puts me in a better position to screw you over. (dramatic sound) - So, let me ask you a question. - Yes? - How come you only give your opinion when you're on the main stage? And when we ask you something in the The Werk Room, you never wanna talk! And we're like, "Girl!" - I talk. (soft upbeat music) It's just to choice people. I don't get a feeling of feeling comfortable to talk to you just because you give, at least to me, this feeling of that you don't like me. - But at the same time, anytime you're asked an opinion of anything, you just kind of brush it off like, "I don't wanna answer it." You know? Or when you do give an answer, it's a PC answer, or something that someone would wanna hear. Like today, I asked, "Who's gonna be in the top three?" So Tatianna, who do you think is in the top three? - I hope it's me and that's really all I have to say on the matter. (soft upbeat music continues) - We want to know what you're thinking. It's not that we're cold-hearted bitches, but there are times I'm like, "What is she thinking? Why does she seem like this little mysterious enigma that's in The Werk Room that's just kind of fluttering around and only- - But that's not how I've been the whole time. That's not how I've been. In the beginning, I was giving opinions, but it's just at this point, I know the answer. All of you guys think that I'm like (beep). That I'm like nothing. - [Raven] I would never say that. Her interview was (beep). Her look was (beep). Her book cover was (beep). Her trying to launch and sell her book to the judges was (beep). She's (beep). - Who do you think should go home tonight? - Carmen Carerra. (dramatic music) - Stacy? - Carmen. - Delta Work? - Stacy. - I would like to see Shangela go. She's just a loud mouth and she's always talking and halleluing. - [RuPaul] Raja? - Stacy and Shangela, get the (beep) out. I think you should be on season five or six. That's where you should be. (dramatic sound) - That's interesting, Ru, because Raja's been in the game for 20 plus years doing drag and I've been on it for one and we're in the same competition here. (soft music) - Why's everyone so silent? Cheers! - [Manila] Cheers. - Bottoms up, as they say. - As they say! (dramatic music) - Cheers! - Cheers, Stacy. - Cheers, I'm so glad you're here. - Cheers, Carerra. - Cheers, darling. - Cheers, Shangela. (dramatic sound) Oh my! Maturity level, clearly. - No, honey. Reality. That's all it is. - That's fine. - Reality. - Cheers, babe. It's fine. It's fine. - Reality. - [Delta] That's fine, girl. Just, we gotta do what we all gotta do. You know what I mean? - We don't have to attack people personally, Delta. If you say- - Well, they asked a question. They asked a question. - [Shangela] Delta, B. - She asked a question. - [Shangela] Delta Work. - Boo-boo, she asked a- - Stand up for your friend, no tea. I take it back. - No, no. Oh, no. I'm standing up for me. - [Shangela] I take it back. I take it back. I just- - See, you're the one who wants to stand up for other people. And you need other people to stand up for you. - No. - [Delta] You don't? - I can stand up for myself, Delta. - But I don't understand what the chip on your shoulder is, Shangela. - [Raja] Yeah, what's the problem, Shangela? - [Delta] We love you. We think you're freaking cool. - The question was asked. Ru asked us a question and I gave an answer. - Did you want us to say, "(beep) you, Ru. I'm not gonna answer you. Nobody here's weak. Everyone here's strong"? - Delta, I didn't recall you saying anything against me. - But it's clearly evident that you have a chip on your should. - No, sweetheart. Don't try to turn it on me. - No, for me. For me. For me, it's clearly evident. - No, tell me. Did you say anything about me? - No, I didn't. No, I didn't. - So then why are you attacking me right now? - I'm not attacking you, I'm telling you the truth. - Then why are you saying I have a chip on my shoulder? - Because you always do. (dramatic sound) (dramatic music) - [Raja] This is your way. You do this. You bring it up and then when somebody comes back to you, you're always like... (Raja mumbles) - "I'm being real, I'm being real." - [Shangela] Oh no, that's being real. - [Raja] No, you're always talking about being real. We are being real with you. We're telling you right now what's going on. - [Shangela] Raja, if you want me to- - So be real! Be real! - Oh, no, bitch. I'll be real. - Be real, girl! Be real! Hallelu! Be real! - Raja. - [Raja] Jesus. - Let me tell you something. - [Raja] It's so boring. - You're so fake and insincere and it's now so apparent. - Mm-hmm. - But, I know better now and that's all I need to know. Done. - You're so quick to play victim. - [Shangela] Delta, I'm not even directing anything. - You're so quick to play victim. - I won't even speak to you anymore. If you think that I have such a chip on my shoulder, boo, I apologize that you feel that way about me. I don't. You know, I felt attacked on the stage tonight. - Oh, victim. Oh, victim. - Here she goes still. Bullying. - [Raja] Poor Shangela. - It's no tea, Raja. Play your role, boo. No tea. - [Raja] Oh. (dramatic music) I'm not playing any role. I've been Raja for a long time. - You obviously feel threatened by me (Raja mockingly mumbles) which is why you want me to go home, right? - I'm so sorry. Mm-hmm, yeah. - [Shangela] Right? Is that right? - [Raja] Shangela, Shangela, Shangela. You know, I almost feel like I shouldn't speak. - But yet, you said I back down from everything. But yet, when I ask you a question, you can't answer. - No, I said there are two people who I think are weak just because Ru asked me. And so I answered what Ru asked me to answer. And I said, "Stacy and Shangela, get the (beep) out." (dramatic music) What's so not real about that? What's so fake about that, Shangela? - Well, if that's how you felt, why didn't you say that in the beginning instead of trying to be PC? - I said that to you from the beginning from the beginning beginning. I just don't think you should be here. What's the big deal? - You're threatened by me, right? - I'm not threatened by you! Oh my God. That is the most... (Raja scoffs) - It's okay, Raja. (upbeat music) - [Manila] I think that you have an amazing personality, and your personality- - No, you think I have a mouth. Let's get real from the stage. - [Raja] No, we are being real! - I'm not talking to you right now. (Raja scoffs) But I was talking to you when you said I have the biggest mouth here and that you are annoyed by my mouth. - I didn't say that you have the biggest mouth, honey. I just said you have a big mouth. - Would somebody stand up and say something? (dramatic music pauses) - Did you see Raja's skirt? - Yes, multiple times. - She used fabric. (dramatic sounds) That's why the hair looks like a ruffle. - No, she said she used the lace from the wig. - No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. That's tulle. (dramatic music) Fabric. - Wait a minute, though. Wait a minute. She said that she took- - No! She told the judges that she took the lace from the wig, cut it, put them all together, and made one big piece. - So, the pieces that look like paper mache are also hair? - Yeah, these little lace pieces. - [RuPaul] Yeah. - These are all done with hair. - [RuPaul] Ah! - [Raja] I'm pretty pleased with it. - It's fabric. - Are you sure? - Can I go to her? - Well, I'm sure she gon' come in here in a minute. I want you to look at it and I want you to tell me to my face, "That is not lace from a wig, that is tulle fabric." - That is tulle fabric! Everybody saw it! Of course you have a wonderful shape. Of course! It's tulle. - No, when she comes in here, I'll ask her. And she'll lie right here to my face. - No! Say it, say it. - That's no problem. We'll see if she lies and we'll see if she tells the truth. I am the Nancy Drew of drag. I wanna know the real tea. And if I smell a stunt, I'm gonna call it out. - Does anyone have tape? I feel like I need to tape this thing to my chest 'cause it's ready to flop over and my little boobs are gonna show out. (Raja laughs) (mysterious music) What's going on, you guys? - Nothing. - Let the truth be told. You know, my name is Nancy Drew and I'ma get to the bottom of the truth. Did she use tulle fabric in her costume? (Raja scoffs) Something's cutting into my side and it's- - Where? Let me see. - No, it's inside. It's just my pantyhose, you know? You know, it's get all... (Raja grunts) - Oh, yeah. Tangled, tangled, tangled. - Mm-hmm. - You like your critics? - [Raja] I loved mine. It was really nice. - [Manila] Yeah, I mean I had good things and bad things. So, I mean, I have no idea. - She used tulle fabric in that dress. She know the difference between hair and tulle fabric. That's not all hair. (dramatic sound) Well, and y'all turned it, though. It looked amazing. I don't understand how yours goes like this. Yours, I saw you brushing for hours to make it that poofy. Yours is like, do, do, do, do, do. I still don't understand how you did this and made it flare out and it just fits. - I made fabric, girl. I made fabric out of hair. - You made fabric out of hair? (dramatic music) - Yeah, it was when I was cutting it, I had just little pieces left, so I fuzzed it all on my hand and I laid it out onto a thin piece. So, see this? This little gauze. - Oh, that tulle? - Mm-hmm, that tulle (dramatic sound) and that's what I laid it on and then I sprayed hesive the (beep) out of it until it turned solid. - Onto that? - Yeah. - And I thank you. (dramatic sounds) Finally, some truth out of Raja. Miss Raja admits that she did use fabric on her dress. Boo, I am not the fool! - [Raja] I don't know how I came up with it? I had all the extra hair and I was looking on the ground, I'm like, "How do I use that? I'm running out of colors." I really wanna use it and I was like, "Well, let's try this out," and it worked. - There you go. Come on, Miss Tutu Tulle and Fabric and Felt. Sickening! (Sofia laughs) And hair! (dramatic music continues) - I mean, I bombed this challenge completely, so. (upbeat music) Ru tells me I need to tweak apology. I definitely will do that because that was hideous. I knew I would be in the bottom. - Wow. - How do you feel being that you know you're just safe with Janet, something you do six nights a week? (dramatic sound) (dramatic upbeat music) (Alyssa sips) - Oo, talk about tension! I got... You know what? Since we here, we might as well just get it out in the open. (Jade laughs) (dramatic music continues) When I was doing my makeup and you came at me and you said you was joking. There is a way you joke and then there is a way that you do things to try to rip somebody and hurt their feelings. - But- - And you really, really went there with me, saying I never won nothing, I'll always be a first runner-up. - Well first, let me say this. This is what I hate about queens. (dramatic music continues) Girls can dish, but they can't take. - I hadn't said nothing to you! - You told me I couldn't complete a reign and I said, "Well, you didn't win." - No, I didn't say that! You started in on me completely. - Okay, then. I was just playing with you. (Coco scoffs) - Oh, okay. You said that was a sensitive subject the last time we talked about it. - It is a very sensitive, but I thought we were joking. - Then why would you bring that subject up like that? You understand what I'm saying? - Coco, it's... Look. Just like me and her were talking. Jade, you told me I should be wearing a two piece. - Alyssa will always find a way to take focus off of herself. (dramatic music) - Jade, I've never came for your look or your body weight or anything like that. - If you're gonna come for me, then I'm definitely gonna come back to you, so. I feel like Alyssa is a person that can dish it, but she can never take it. I don't like being ran over and I'm not somebody that's just gonna be bullied. - Jade, really, before you read, read yourself first. - Oh, honey. You act as if that you're just perfect- - I never said I was perfect. - I feel like I hear your voice everywhere, so. - You can't come for me. I'm not worried about you or your drag, mama. - And honey, I ain't worried. After that view that I got the other day, I ain't worried at all. - Jade, jealousy's a killer in this industry. - Baby, I ain't jealous of that, honey. I ain't jealous. - Bring it to the runway. - Honey, and I am! - Put your mouth where your fashion is. (dramatic music intensifies) - I'm not gonna sit there and be a little lamb and just sit with someone, tear me to shreds like you do some of these other girls. - Girl, if I was quick to judge you, I'd judge you on that makeup. But girl, I could judge you on your lack of talent. (dramatic sound) You're a phony amateur, girl. - To you, because you're a mean girl. - [Alyssa] A phony amateur. - You're a mean girl. - Girl, you're a joke. (dramatic sound) (dramatic music intensifies) - I'm the sweetest bitch you'll met, but if you come for me, then you'll see a whole new side that you wouldn't have ever imagined. Honey, let the cookie crumble. Girl, if I was gonna judge anyone, I'd judge you on that body where the shoulder should match them hips, but they don't, so. - You can say all that. (dramatic sound intensifies) What? (dramatic music) (Coco laughs) - Get her, Jade! - Girl, you have rolls all over the place in the back. It was disgusting! (dramatic sound) - Back rolls? (dramatic music) This little queen is trying to really come for me today. Enough! (upbeat music) - Did you see her back? It was like... (Jade grunts) It was very unpleasant. Honey, mm-mm. (Jade laughs) Did we not get a clear ass vision? (Coco laughs) - [Coco] From the back. - [Jade] Of what was above us? - I was thinking it. Jade said it. (upbeat music continues) - I've watched Coco numerous times make low blows about me and my character behind my back. So that lets me know where our friendship stands. (upbeat music intensifies) Coco, why didn't you come say something to me then? - Why would I say anything to you about that? - Right. - It would just hurt your feelings. What was the point? - Why would I say anything- - Hurt my feelings? - [Jade] Why would I come and tell you that? There was no reason to. - You wouldn't have cared anyways. - [Alyssa] As a friend, you would- - You won the challenge! You wouldn't have cared! - I wouldn't come and tell you. It was after the fact. - Alyssa, you don't care! - Honestly, I'll be honest with you, Coco. If I don't speak to you ever again in my life, or you, I would not be lost. (dramatic music intensifies) - [RuPaul] In the Silver Lounge, Joslyn's runway critique was the topic at hand. - They kind of read your costume a bit, right? - They did. And you know what? And I know, I get it. I got read last time for it. (dramatic music) - I don't like that costume. I don't know where to look. - All I see is ass. - [Santino] Ass. - Right, but I have to critique more than just ass. I don't understand why after we just gave you such a harsh critique, you'd wear the same outfit in a different color. (dramatic music intensifies) - I get it. I mean, and honestly, this is my style. This is how I create an outfit is kind of layering things together to make an outfit. - But since they didn't like it last week, did you ever for a think, be like, "You know what? I'm gonna figure something else out." - You know what? To me, when I was getting read, it was that I was wearing four or five bathing suits on top of each other. - So now it's two or three. (dramatic sound) (all laugh) (dramatic music) - No tea, no shade. It's a little Baby New Year. - Oo! (dramatic music intensifies) - Overall, I think I did really well, but, you know, I'm starting to feel defeated and that makes me angry. Nevermind how angry the girls' comments are making me. I definitely, I took a bigger risk than I ever thought I would. To not wear a wig. - I didn't think that was the issue. - I think that was the problem. - I just think that your drag isn't as polished as the other drag in the competition right now. (dramatic sounds intensify) (dramatic music) - So you said in the runway that this might be something you wanna do in the future. Having a talk show and doing interviews. - I would really love the opportunity to be the first drag queen to get to go to the BET, MTV, Source, Grammys, Oscars, and just interview people on the runway and look absolutely fabulous and be a big personality. And I know those are things I need to work on. I need to- - I mean, you have to learn their names there, Chad. (dramatic sounds) - Uh. - Uh, oo. (dramatic music) (Trinity sips) - Hey, (beep) happens. (dramatic music continues) Oh my God, I'm so excited. The handsome Chad Bono. (dramatic sounds) And Chad. Okay, so Chad. Um, well, Chad. (dramatic sounds) Chad. (Chaz laughs) - I can't. (Trinity laughs) (playful music) - Oo. (Joslyn laughs) - So BenDeLaCreme, they ate it up! - They were into it! - [Courtney] Yeah. - I mean, Courtney helped me manifest some positivity and I was already feeling a lot lighter and happier by the time I got out there. And I thought, "Okay, I think I'm bringing the energy I think they want." But honestly, I had no idea. - You overwhelmed me with the... Just the biggest smile on my face. When I saw you coming out, your moves, your choreography. You really worked and thought about, "How does a fly move?" You were definitely wearing the costume, it wasn't wearing you. (upbeat music) - What you proved today is that it's not about the costume and it's about how you're selling it. And I think because you had all that positive energy, it showed in your face. - I know that this isn't the most advanced fashion moment. - No, it's fabulous. - But I feel like I, you know... It's very much my sense of humor. - Now, does it make you nervous at all that they're like, "Oh, finally this BenDeLaCreme outfit worked in your favor"? (dramatic sounds) (dramatic music intensifies) Because sometimes it could be like, "Oh, well, you know, this is very BenDeLaCreme." And it's like... - Darienne has just let these comments slip out and honestly, I don't wanna be the one who calls it out. Let's get Bianca to notice this. Can Bianca just start paying attention to when Darienne says stuff that isn't cool? (BenDeLaCreme laughs) (dramatic music) (Darienne sips) Girl, you hear whatever you want. What I heard was that- - [Darienne] Okay, all right. I'm just playing devil's advocate. - They were really starting to understand how I perceive- - You are shady elephant. - No, I'm not. (dramatic music intensifies) - I love her, but I realized Darienne can be a shady bitch. She needs to take it down a notch. - Oh my God! That was more fun than a colostomy. - Ladies, what's the tea? Who's in the bottom? - What's going on? - Well, listen. I'm gonna say my two piece 'cause I've gotta go untuck. - [Shea] Lay it on us, Trinity. Who did what? Who were the anchors? - Me and her were the anchors. Her and Cynthia were- - CuCu and I were "entertaintment". - And then y'all were DIY, okay. - So, I wanna clarify why I chose you to go home. (group gasps and cross talks) I chose you because, obviously, Eureka and Nina got really good critiques. So it was between us three. I knew me and her were going on the bottom two. I chose you 'cause you're not. There's no way they're gonna pick you. - So she was like a throwaway. You're just like, let me just- - Right, because they're not gonna choose her. - [Shea] Eureka. - Well, I chose Trinity because she was our team captain. Also, because of the critiques that they got as anchors. And I chose you over Peppermint only because, to me, as a leader, you automatically get more responsibility for something going wrong. Especially if it's your group. You see what I'm saying? - I'm not upset that you picked me at all. I completely- - Well you retaliated like you were pretty upset. - If you will let me finish. (dramatic music) I take responsibility for the things that I did wrong in our segment, but what I don't agree with and what I think you're very shady about- - It's not shady if it's true. - You said that I was not a good leader. I was a good leader. Yes, we ran out of time and we did not get to do it all together, but that wasn't just my fault. We were working as a team. That is why you're shady. - Am I shady? - You are shady. - Because I feel like you wanna immediately go to shady versus stepping up and accepting responsibility. - You're making it about something else that it's not. - When we sat down, I felt like it was, "Well, me and Peppermint are the anchors. They're gonna do this 'cause they wanna do that. Nina, Eureka, y'all are doing DIY." - No, I said this is why- - No, I'm not done. I'm not done. - No, you're done because I'ma tell you why you're done. I explained exactly why I picked you for that role and CuCu for her role and Peppermint for her role. - But see, do you not hear yourself saying, "I picked. I picked." - And if anybody had an objection, they could have objected and we could've talked it out. So don't stand on the stage and say I didn't do my job because I did. - When did you come over and check on what we were doing? - Now if you want to say that I should take responsibility and I should be in the bottom because I'm the leader, I can do that. But don't say I didn't do my job. - I felt like I wasn't included. You and Peppermint talked about y'all's- - You always think you're not included. You think I don't know? I know you. - You don't know me, baby. (dramatic music) - [Shuga Cain] Oh, they're back! - [Nina] Hey, strangers! - [Shuga Cain] Come through! What's the tea? Now tell me what's the tea? - [Vanjie] What happened? - All right, bitch. Who was in the top? Who was in the bottom? Let's get to it. (dramatic music) - I will probably say that I'm in the bottom again. - [Shuga Cain] Why? Based on what? - Because they didn't really notice me in the performance. They had issue with the pants. But I'm not giving up. You know, I'm still here, I'm still fighting. - Definitely the top are Brooke and Plastique and Yvie for sure. - Fierce. - [Silky] That's shocking. (dramatic music intensifies) - I'm gonna be very forward about exactly how I feel. - Okay. - Silky, I'm a little pissy that you tried to throw me under the bus because I'm quote, unquote "injured". When? I finished our routine with my sprained ankle doing (beep) you could not dream of. I'm mad you tried to throw me under the bus after putting on some stretch fabric (beep) and covering it in beans. (dramatic music continues) - I struggled to come up with someone and I was gonna have a conversation with Yvie about that afterwards, but she see you are actually pissed- - I don't wanna have a conversation about it afterwards 'cause you just did it publicly! - Okay, and then you said what you said about me, so like... - But it's also the tea, girl. You still didn't tackle this challenge. - [Silky] That is not the tea! I don't give a damn anymore. We probably won't be friends after this show. We got to talk to each other- - Bitch, I wasn't your friend in the first place. (dramatic music) Because you're full of excuses and you never actually push - [Silky] Excuses? to hit the challenge. (dramatic music intensifies) - I never come for you. I never say anything to you. - Okay, yeah, sure. Let the cameras replay that. - Okay. When have I said... Have I said anything? - Okay. - If you're not really feeling her, cool. - [Yvie] I already don't (beep) with her. - I literally already don't (beep) with her because she doesn't like me 'cause I'm different. And I'm fine with that. - [Silky] And it's fine! - What, not because you're different, because you're coming for me. - Yeah, I'm different 'cause I'm not gonna shut my mouth when I don't like something. - That is completely fine. I'm in this competition, not for your satisfaction. - Girl, and apparently not for the judges' either. - What? I know that America will love me. - [Vanjie] She's doing a good job! - Am I just here? - She's doing a good job! Silky's doing a good job. - What, I'm just here just- - Let's give pats on the back to mediocrity and beans. (dramatic music) - No tea, I thought you were gonna be on the bottom this week for this look. (dramatic sounds) - I yelled at you because you tried to throw me under the bus. - [Silky] I think your outfit is ugly. - For a preexisting condition, bitch. - [Silky] I think your outfit is ugly. - [Yvie] Well then, what the (beep) is your excuse about throwing me home 'cause I'm injured, bitch? You go home 'cause you're injured. 'Cause you're the one who's making excuses for how you can't do (beep). - [Silky] Did I ever make an excuse for it? - Every week, you're like, "I'm not a monster. I'm a drag queen. I don't really act. I'm a drag queen. I can't pretend to praise somebody else that isn't Jesus." I can't wait to see your ass in the bottom. - I can't wait to see me in the bottom next to you so I can send yo' ass home. Oh! (dramatic music intensifies) - I'll dance circles around your ass. - [Silky] Oh, would you? (Brooke Lynn sips) - I can't with you. - I don't really care for you and it's not because of your drag, it's you as a person. - [Yvie] I literally don't care if you don't care for me. - [Silky] But it is what it is. - Because drag is not quality, bitch. - Okay! Off a dumpster and it's quality, but okay. - Off a dumpster that was in the top three. - [Silky] All right. - So check it and then wreck it. - Okay. - You think safe is gonna get you somewhere? (dramatic music continues) - [Brooke Lynn] Sasha Velour was safe every week. - [Nina] And won. - That's 'cause Sasha Velour was talented. (dramatic sounds intensify) - [Raja] How 'bout y'all do this? Since y'all got a (beep) score to settle, how 'bout y'all just vote your (beep) selves in to strut tonight, how 'bout that? (Yvie laughs) Oh, I doubted that is gon' happen, so shut the (beep) up and stop arguing about (beep). - I just had to air my tea. And when I call it out, I get thrown under the bus in the bottom because I call bitches out. - [Plastique] You do say the truth. You do keep it 100. I get you. Some other girl might not, but I get you. - [Brooke Lynn] I get you. hi everybody it's me Ben de la creme [Music] there's one my name is ben de la creme and i'm 31 years old ben de la creme de la for short do for shorter miss creme if you're nasty party [Music] there's a hole in your heart so there's a place in your soul a passion so strong it makes your blood boil if they were libation flavored with citrus can you imagine such a thing ben de la creme condragulations you're the winner of this week's challenge ben de la creme congratulations you're the winner of this challenge thank you like your lace front is coming off whatever you do don't look inside this big pink furry box. my name is Asha and I'm from Brooklyn New York your edges are officially Asia is Angie her drag style is very the streets of Tokyo meets the streets of Brooklyn she's cute but she's dangerous [Music] everyone is excited especially me I said expecially that's so Brooklyn that's so like first-grade overbite realness Domingos kid sooner hello shop I was here it doesn't winner oh my god I think I've lost weight in my nose use the Q&A portion [Music] here comes all of Ash's tongue in my mouth [Music] we might have to get married after this you always know it's awesome when you hear them hood I think I'm just gonna kind of get on my knees how many times have you said that Asha it's one of my catchphrase Oh Asha the way I feel about you it just can't be wrong love you girl.how you doing me some artists are you ready to see my cuckoo you're safer cocoa my cocoa is fantastic girls haha did cuckoo is ready hallelujah my  amico quiz Bernie I haven't yet seen this intimate cuckoo of yours I need to see it because if you're going to take you around me you better make sure yours looks better than mine I didn't know this Coco what's happening today Mikey it's going to be the Google team with Valentina you're on Coco's team team CooCoo I know Smee off my goo goo is just shaking right I'm cuckoo I'm naughty hi bear cuckoo morning cooker we're all so when you say cuckoo is it like the hole or is it like a but because I'm a little confused you know it can be like the bus home but let me need a story real quick when I was a child mom doesn't want to also say that word so one day I was three years old like to travel Johnny to go to the bathroom because I need to for my culo to do Kaka she's left me with a shank Anita so I was very scared was I watching you I mean wasn't you call me in your bag so I said Coco mama copy be okay and since that I take okay so I have a big cuckoo - girl you do well I have a cuckoo but you have a golgotha princess cuckoo Lena hi my name is really I'm here to prepare princess cookie winner from any booty slap and to show her that she can bring peace love and text to all the entire Union my advice is a happy gogo is the one that it's clean for other Coco Whoopi Goldberg is not ready for her replace I'm going to keep in the money because I don't know it just think have the opportunity to deal with my cool cool dare I say that we are crazy for cuckoo puffs this is going to involve your cuckoo at all how you got it yeah there's Google for everybody guys do not have to fight okay yes honey I've got a lovely bunch of cuckoo nuts Thank You Tyra beikoku I am so grateful we all had a chance for a second helping of cuckoo marry someone is cuckoo I am a mule official cuckoo. the body is here oh girl I'm Trinity Taylor some people say I'm the look until it's real but my body's obscure so we first met when the princess was in the water lamb clinic getting her each scream it was for her outbreak chlamydia I will shut Sunday you can find a cure for this wtd that stands for water transmitted disease I love hot dogs too mom what are you doing here senior year I'm so excited and prom is coming mom Trinity Taylor congratulations you're the winner of this week's challenge condragulations you're the winner of this week's challenge congratulations you're the winner of this week's challenge I've worked my entire adult life to build the brand of Trinity Taylor I deserve to be America's next drag superstar so I'm coming for that crown ladies back up. how could one woman take her family of girls and make immediate dynasty let's go but the one you can criticize and play a hey and say you don't care but the Met Ball would suck if their asses weren't there so Eve Instagram snapchat and the ESPYs they fuss invited disrespected bullies in the besties Calabasas Queens give us life there so glam and here is how  [Music] again anyways who are you I'm Ken that's what I thought you said hey Britney you got so famous you make a whole movie and you just act shameless what kind of movie your manager you know since I'm your mom's mom you're such an amateur [Music] I think I just made up a word monitor I'll jump on a TV show the new eating salad and we'll rake in the dough [Music] and every other day I'm Chloe and you know for like four sisters mom [Music] crazy new house Calabasas 2014 Kendall Kylie we were in the background [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] 25 this new American dynasty has only just begun this is the galaxy so set aside honey my name is Northwest don't be acting all distressed I became the best of the rest by nursing on Kim's breath I'm the new face of reality royalty had a first fragrance out when I was only news dream president at nine between a Milky Way starting with a chain now Kim is my momager but Christmas still here she can't be running the show for three thousand more years now a clique. my name is Shay cule and I didn't come to play I can be bothered your crew confiscated my phone but actually my good friend back here had a little prepaid cricket phone to let me borrow for the afternoon Chris Rock thank you so much for that well you have had more dick in you than a urinal at Dodger Stadium the only difference is they get cleaned up after a grand class say cool a congratulation to as the winner of this week's challenge acylation to the winner of this week's challenge it's about the drive and the nerve and the desire to win I'm the total package if y'all are placing bets on anybody like you want to throw $5 down. why people say milena are you a lesbian and I look at them and I say yes I like this thing glory old horseplay that's where you have sex with Nina by Nina brown so you take a RuPaul's chocolate bar get out of town and you hide it in a sock of broccoli is a magician Josh of velour lady congratulations you are both the winners of this week's challenge congratulations you're the winners of this week's challenge I am determined to take over the world with my crazy strange valori and drag and I'm not going to be stopped now. today's MINI CHALLENGE we're going to have a good old-fashioned  hmm and we're going to do it with puppet everyone loves class everyone loves puppets let the  begin getting silicone removed from your face is about as hard as getting a cigarette around here I'm always afraid I'm going to snag my costume on your tooth girl oh my god I can't believe you went there Chad Michaels I'll get you later that's like a real beautiful necklace where'd you keep that from well my friend lashauwn beyond Oh Lord Jesus you ever been blown by a girl with silicon lip I call it a slipper slide I just want to put my bob look man I don't think that wig is really working with this outfit that's okay yo I got another wig I'm talking that tearaway girl I got a tearaway a door I'm really nervous because I think you can see your dirty pantyhose Oh party is not that your clothes are ugly it's just you're misshapen okay Loney I have no problem I live in New York I work all the time oh he threw me into the embers where a rose as a Phoenix I'm gonna go smoke something mess I think you're named violet chachki is very interesting where does that come from well I wanted to figure out what was beautiful and completely worthless hot chachki bit of a piece of fabric Hahnemann ridiculous helps don't sell junk junk junk junk call what are you gonna do when you run on junk I know what I'll do walk to the club purrs purrs we're gonna collect her toys back lugar baby. this week we challenged our all-stars to do drag family makeovers and to kick things off they're ready to bug the house down gentlemen start your engines and may the best woman win we kiss the bride what love has joined together let no man put asunder everybody's in love. wait a minute wait a minute stop the music please this is going to be redonkulous hi [Music] [Applause] and it's Angela hallelu witch queen if any is behind back door I'm back  oh the suspense is killing me [Music] jinda michael keys back come on out kitty girl oh my god no I take say I look like I'm going to trade some girl some soap for some new makeup may I borrow your phone [Music] hi it's RuPaul nation Lopez what oh my god [Music] faith crack of the millennium all of the eliminated girls are standing behind the mirror they look bad they look really bad I'm bag bag bag bag Becca here Oh 14th contestant the ninth season of RuPaul's Drag Race rue are you gonna on my job no way whoops [Music] how you doing me some artists are you ready to see my cuckoo okay I'm naughty somebody welcome back to Cali Fontaine. Oh some pretty in here my name is Tatiana I am 21 years old muah-muah well I think it was Tatiana first time I walked out of the house and dragged I was 14 years old I don't know how I had the balls to do it but I went to school and dragged it was my closest taste of being like famous Sally is so last time I took a ride on her disco stick I got I got lon you got lost ha ha ha congratulations you're the winner of this challenge I'm not gonna replay it because I already know what happened and you already know what happen okay I'm not replaying it with you over and over there isn't anything else to say but why are you huh why are you talking see Hey see ah you made this competition fun and fresh young and we all owe you a debt of gratitude for that I have just two words thank you thank you. well hello hello hurry all doing are you good Wow my name is Fifi O'Hara I am 25 years old are you guys excited for the first challenge well Julia I was having such a bad day and the only thing I could think of to make me feel better was a big mouthful of mr. happiest tasty nuts that's like a real beautiful necklace where'd you get that from well my friend lashauwn beyond congratulations you are the winner of this challenge you are the winner of this week's challenge cause you've won not only one look that you got oh I have one look tired-ass showgirl and sugar at least I am a showgirl go back to party city where you belong VP O'Hara at one point I thought she was too green but boy has she grown faster than any other competitor we have ever seen jeez I want to show the judges that I am a true entertainer I am America's next drag superstar dream to rule the world. my name is Roxy Andrews and I'm 28 years old I am a pageant girl big hair big makeup from head to toe it's a Roxxxy Andrews project so excited to be here J well let's get started Wow who cares I'm sick and tired of hearing about that yeah where my people learn where my people and I love to body congratulations you're the winner of this child congratulations you are the winner of this week's challenge I love you I love you I am a thick and juicy girl and that makes me so proud I could never let you down and I will be one hell of a superstar I just want to win this so bad and it's what I love to do it's my passion it's my art I am. oh my my name is Alaska and I'm 27 years old whether you're getting read the house down or just ready to go now the exciting you read fulfill you're not my real dad and you never will be a lil poundcake enjoys riding dirty and being a straight-up mother dick Pig long story short the season of the fish smells like trout congratulations you're the winner of this challenge you are the winner of this week's challenge I am hungry to be America's next drag superstar not hungry I'm practically starving I'm a queen who takes trash and I turn it into treasure you have to take whatever you have and make the most to that this is the beginning of the rest of my life. I'm home down the first one my name is adore Delano I'm 23 years old and I'm a Libra so excited I could pee I'm going for some beer we go me I do have really dirty tides they smell like feet I'm too Punk to wash my tights Macklowe body yeah want some money adore Delano this week you pushed it real good you are the winner of this week's challenge condragulations you're the winner of this week's challenge oh my god I think the reason why I'm America's next drag superstar is because I'm a good representation of the new girls within the drag community I have so much hard I have so much Drive and Fire I want people to know that you can follow your dreams and have a party while doing it. my name is Alyssa Edwards and I am 32 years of age I'm known as the Vanessa Williams of drag because after winning the title Miss gay America the crown was taken away from me girl I am gaggy every woman has a secret and my secret happens to be a little bigger and what exactly is my secret I don't get cute I get drop-dead gorgeous Shay guy look out orange you get low girl back rolls this this little Queen is trying to really come for me today enough don't get bitter just get better Alyssa is bringing it that's spinning jump into the split I mean come on the next time you look in the mirror I hope you see what I see a triple threat a dancer a beauty queen and one fears as agitator. I came to talk through the competition my name is kimchi and I came here to destroy everyone with my makeup I'm known for a crazy over-the-top pure anime fantasy kimchi Wow condragulations you're the winner of this week's challenge hey who knew that was lurking underneath all new I'm fine I'm plus classic kimchi when you thought with all of the dream would come true for you because I would get better I am proving to myself to the world and my mother that all the work and all the crazy stuff I've been doing for all these years has not been a waste I have never ever wanted anything more I went to so bad it hurts I don't want to be America's next drag superstar I am America's next drag superstar. go put the bass in your head so let your whole body top welcome to RuPaul's Drag Race axial I gotta be black a family that drags together stays together you mouth mother yeah yeah okay uh-huh are you gonna be able to bring the funny though there's nothing more sad than this tears of a drag queen bring back my girls bring back my girls and uh can I get a mail no remember you can't love yourself how in the hell you gonna love somebody else can I get a Amen in here now let the music play I invited you here because you were fierce you deserve to be here we as gay people we get to choose our family you know we get to choose the people that we're around ante you stay you. I asked the question our celebrity panel fills in the blanks and you give an answer that you think match first questions for Julie brown Lady Bunny is so over politics when she steps into the voting booth she just blinked pleasures herself with the boding wand let's hear what our celebrities have to say little lady well I don't know her personally but she looks older than mother darling so I said when she steps into the voting booth she just Leisure's belli sees another match moving on to see a cruise the queen of salsa Lady Bunny so over politics where she steps into the voting booth she just leave her hair back on floor I think it's whip your hair back and forth ah see uh-huh see see no el macho no Mottram No all right we're going to the original material girl Marilyn Monroe she passes out I think if it was me it'd be the hard decision making I get a little bit lightheaded sometimes now you're into politics aren't you presidents and Ivy told her didn't get the joke it was an awkward moment quite the scandal actually yeah with my cousin-in-law that Betty was in all the magazines at the time all right next question is for downtown Julie brown yes head of the hoarder is such a mess when she opens her blank her personal massager falls out and she opens her books let's see if we get a match from Taylor Swift when she opens her blank her personal massager falls out falls out of her Taylor Swift lunchbox oh that's a match she's got box all right let's move on to Katy Perry hi rooms did you really kiss a girl have you ever kissed a girl oh well never but yeah have you ever the black guy okay okay head of the hoarder is such a mess when she opens her blank her personal massager falls out her clutch sorry not a match I think that immunity for ELISA is gonna come in real handy this week Lady Bunny same question when she opens her blank her personal massager falls out well Julie I just wrote anus same neighborhood not a match next question is for Julie brown Lady Gaga has finally gone too far she wore a dress made of blank Madonna's leftovers when I was leftovers let's go to the stars cash up she wore a dress made of blank I said her stupid monsters with my animals are badass oh right that's like you pop stars called your fan yeah let's move on to the queen of salsa Celia Cruz she wore a dress made of blank a can of tomato salsa like a big kind me flat. lady cher is here I've been there done that I spread lemare on my toast in the morning I'm cher yes you are Ross Loretta I ask a series of questions our celebrities will fill in the blanks you come up with an answer that you think will match our celebrities first question is for Loretta Devine ugly Edna is so ugly when she goes to the beauty parlor they beat her face with blank a picture of herself let's see if we can get a match Michelle visage all right rue I said a baseball bat remember and it was at was 87 we used to take the J train into Manhattan and used to carry a baseball bat before we would work suzanne barges party we'd make a buffalo nickel for it and it was all we used for protection there's no match Michelle but a very good effort thank you very much all right Wendy Williams are you door ugly Edna beat her in the face with I love Sharon I'm gonna say with Sharon's plastic surgeon cookies allegedly allegedly good I mean sure I love the hair change thank you I can't go five minutes without switching a wig I love them Sasha Fierce Kenya is taking it to the extreme Oh so I need to step up my game it's just I don't want to be flatlining Ross Mathews you are next the Real Housewives are so fake when they make Whoopie they're blanks don't move there are Goldberg's don't move very funny all right let's go to Snooki from the Jersey Shore just like my friend JWoww yeah her tits don't more tits don't move Beyonce wake up oh it's beauties Nancy where you sleeping is a medication notes you should have seen what me Andrew were on at the limelight it's all behind us now we're on uppers downers in candy corn alright share I see you're wearing your Academy well actually you did not win the Academy Award that year I didn't but I'm wearing the out of this headpiece I pay a lot for it yeah yes you did yes you did those girls are real sleazy there's scabies crabs and fleas don't move I'm afraid that's not a gold bird Ross Loretta Devine fatty patty is so fat when she gets on the scales it says blank ouch ouch ouch good answer what'd you say Michelle we have a match I said hello madame laqueer green I hate it Diana Ross the boss the guy on that scale yes it said mahogany oh the man not many women I mean they all love me this was a real heavy sigh Roz it was like Diana Ross about 4:30 in the morning after a couple packs of bigger acid unfortunately that is not a match all right Jessica Simpson fatty patty so fat when she gets on the scale it says [Music] [Laughter] this next one is for Ross dum dee dee is so dumb she thinks the C word is short for blank she thinks the C word is short for Kardashian with a seat haha dumb she don't she is Lady Gaga Lady gaga she thinks the C word is short for the crown the new diva crown just so you know yeah the diva here not her uh-huh not her uh-huh but now I have the diva crown because I bought it from her I just wanna say Lady Gaga I am the only boss here I don't even need to fight my own battles when I have my own monsters to take care of this formula all right let's move on to this Aretha Franklin level of unprofessionalism far too much what did you just do did you just nasty one more time just grateful alright Beyonce comió ass down this is worse than when I had a birth on my show get off me stars listen up shy Sheila is so shy how shy she's afraid to blink in public she's afraid to blanket but yes right write it down Loretta Devine she's afraid to swallow swallow in public she's she should i I have a very shy gag reflex myself I read the Frank are you still down there mm-hmm uh-huh your blood Sugar's going down I don't got no food no food no snacks I can't be bothered I'm completely over to breathe out going on and snatch game share yes we're looking for swallow shy Sheila is so shy that she's afraid to I don't give a rat's ass because this game is boring out of me I don't know why they booked me on these chicken games I'm an Oscar winner yes you are yes you are unfortunately we've run out of time now on behalf of all our stars don't forget to spay and neuter your neighbors pets thanks for joining us on the snatch game see you next time there is such a thing as going too far and it's unfortunate coming up I could not. Ayesha crazy Daisy is so crazy she thinks a Kardashian is a country in Africa that's a very good answer let's see if you got any matches up here oh we've got more shoes Imelda but these one have Sparkle onion it's not your upbeat did you write down your your answer good good design those who not a match but a very good answer all right Tyra I only have one answer in my hand and this answer is the only answer Naomi Campbell is amazing all right Monique yay yeah no it's cool it's cool we cool money oh yeah all right let's go to the great Joan Crawford my eyebrows my eyebrows that was almost nothing like what I put down but all right let's go to Amy Winehouse crazy Daisy thinks a Kardashian is a Laura Kang hey move it lubricant remover that's a great answer it is a great answer unfortunately Aisha it's not a match up next Amber Rose psycho Sally is so psycho instead of kissing her dates good night she blanks him she stabs them let's start with Cher instead of kissing her dates good night she buys them tickets to my never-ending tour not a match all right Tyra Banks that answer is smizes she smizes them Naomi Campbell is a team chatter sir what do you have she sends them rolling down the river all right Joan Crawford psycho Sally she cuts the roads no unfortunately that is not a match where I could have given us a little bit more drama you always remember the shrieking kind of you know that intensity from the Joan Crawford and especially in Mommy Dearest it would've been nice to see a little bit more of that extremity Alicia Keys let's see if you match amber rose i match you amber yes yes neatly psycho Sally what did she do with her dates she gave them the number call me baby I'm just waiting for you yeah Jennifer Lopez no psycho Sally is so psycho instead of kissing her dates good night she actually marries them to promote her next album oh that's what she does now aja freaky Fanny is so freaky instead of shaking hands she shakes Sloan pretty gottscheer it's not much not a match she shakes with age see that'll never happen to you doll never never never never mo nique freaky Fanny is so freaky instead of shaking hands she shakes a chicken leg in my face cuz a bit snowy wrong snowing I'm hungry as hell we're gonna have we'll see about getting you some food over here alright let's go to the great Joan Crawford since I lost Barbara did we get Monique to come and be my new housekeeper well you're both Academy Award winners man scheming oh okay alright alright now Joan what do you have darling shake that it out of Christina not a match Tyra is there anything going on that you want to tell us about what are you smiling - I think I was mine so hard my I bled girl smizing her head off over there but you still look gorgeous thanks girl alright next round Dirty Diana is so dirty she washes her weave with Lysol with Lysol cuz she's dirty alright we'll go directly to the Philippines and Imelda Marcos so try for me Philippines yes yeah Dirty Diana is so dirty she washes her weaves with sweat from my feet sweat from your feet terribly alright teacher so you want to know one thing yes I wanna know why I wonder why no look what's love God don't do it alright keep it real Tina alright real I'm a long way from Nutbush brew harley that is maybe the worst Tina Turner I have ever seen she was like ah I don't know I callaloo what's love got to do with it li lu alright okay now writing a new son amber i think there should be an Amber Alert out for Alicia Keys alright Dirty Diana is so damn dirty girl she wash a wheeze with what douche reduce with a douche with the hood spelling that's the who she met you right douche and it's do what she write douche oh yeah unfortunately we've run out of time amber Aisha the final score is [Music] who cares on behalf of all our stars thank you for joining us on the new snatch game I haven't been able to talk to my grandma since I came into this competition and we talk like every day hey grandma to me DJ we're raised in a Southern Baptist lifestyle and I know that it was a big ship to go oh my god my grandson is a drag queen now but my grandma loves me she's been one of my biggest supporters you know I'm not gonna give up I promised that today when I'm talking with her on the phone it just really for this competition I don't want to let her down coming up oh my god you look so pretty get out of here fun and games are over you are the bottom three. today's challenge is that we have to create a high fashion couture outfit based on the type of cake that we were assigned there are tons of girls left in this competition that's so and here i am still over there trying to get the one-two stitch down i offered she angela to help her with her garment because for me it's nice to see that somebody actually take advice and trust you because in a competition like this one does tell me a lot about changela he amazed me how you trust me yeah well you know i don't know what the hell i'm doing oh that's great that makes me feel real good right about now oh i go on the outside of your stitch even if you're going on top of it it doesn't matter you just got an ambulance just reinforcing it okay cool oh oh crazy oh come on work with mama work with mama so how much help has changed i needed oh my god like someone's freaking helping her with her song did you help her out with anything no angela gets the most of her help from alexis she gets makeup help now she's getting sewing help and if alexis would have left last challenge then maybe chandela would have just been sitting there confused this machine this is named bertha bertha annoying now you know [Music] stretch and extend all the way over stretch that side today's main challenge is we have to tell rupaul's story through the art of dance this is a very important challenge to me because i own and operate a dance studio okay and straighten and fingers crossed that everything just falls into place oh here we go here we go they're coming one two three four seconds five down seven up eight back one two three four the looks on their faces were like uh oh oh that's real fancy girls i bought my pants bye kids bye guys psych and it worked now i want you to use your charisma uniqueness nerve and talent to tickle my funny bone it's right here where my rib used to be so gentlemen start your engines and may the best woman win all right let's do this ladies all right courtney is an ass oh my god that's a guaranteed laugh they're two hours in your name why are you making jokes about me no i'm just making a list of all the girls so i can think about the order and put you all in so here's what you do jocelyn you put bianca on first and then whoever you want to throw under the bus you put second then you put me second last and you last that's just shady yesterday you were suggesting that her drag was ugly today you're telling me how to do a lineup yeah it's not funny you are a shady puppy jocelyn [Music] dela's really freaking me out right now this is talking to herself i was like i thought i was the crazy one up in here what do you have bendala um i think that i'm gonna go with something that's sort of more a blanket personal narrative new slapper [Music] where did look where did laganja go i don't know laganja are you here oh oh well yes girl oh god i love it she's under the table how y'all doing oh let me get more attention like the big no smoking sign on my head let me get under a table really queen my name is miss look orange astronger but you can call me miss mary jane little miss 420 or for my latin folk in the audience la marijuana i think in this competition you have to stand out and be a bold character this is the perfect challenge to showcase laganja honey i am gonna give you stoner realness new girl if it ain't green well girl i'm not interested i need a transition the judges say that i'm hiding behind a character but i think laganja is maybe the person who's actually afraid to be exposed right now how you doing dayla oh i'm plugging away how are you girl i'm just trying to you know remember what it was like to be in a tent and just you know really channel that inner child okay this person is not the laganja that i know and it's freaking me the hell out okay so naomi i'm wondering is this your roller girl look neon look or madonna kimono look they're all the same no ma'am i have never looked like that in my entire life i would never wear some shake and go beyonce wig there's one thing i do want to talk oh you're doing a split girl that's the most talented thing i think i've seen you do on this competition damn derek you are cutting deep this is a puppet show kids are here derek does it hurt me having my hand inside you no i'm used to sitting on two at one time [Laughter] derek and naomi they're like tom and jerry like nene leakes and kim zolciak derek tell me about your drag well i don't really have a drag style there is no derrick berry there is britney spears but i hand sewed this piece of fabric that's just buttoned up around my waist that suck [Music] is that really how i sound how derek did my puppet is that a really high sound you're like paris hilton it's just like giving me one note damn i actually thought that was very clever you're not mad at it no oh cool not at all i have tough skin it looks like it you're really testing out that tough skin ain't you girl and derek has thin hair wow i also have a career with my wigs on you'll have a career once you start gluing yours down baby popcorn the fun thing about naomi is she only has one thing to say and then she has to think for like hours to come up with another read i have one thing to say i'm not that smart whoa were you upset by my puppet um i honestly don't remember what you said everything was factual [Music] why do you guys hate each other can you guys just get along goddammit i do not hate derek i do not like his drag this is getting intense you don't hate me you just hate my drag exactly yeah it's gonna get severe up in here it's gonna get some beer up in here boom i'm just so happy that cynthia had a second chance she brought so much love and joy i love her books bye [Music] trinity is the new official messy queen of seasons i am the new official cuckoo [Music] [Applause] cynthia went home and unfortunately that's how this cookie is going to crumble for a lot of girls there can only be one and some of these girls gotta go congratulations to you though i'm so happy that you actually won ross said that i am rising up it felt really good to get some really strong critiques thank you ross i will take that to heart alexis michelle finally won a challenge girl watch out cause she is gonna make it me me me me me me she's gonna make it the alexis show i feel good about what i did and hopefully from from now on i can just kind of like have a little fun and lay down my guard a little bit you know hopefully from now on you're going to lag down your garden and have more fun right girl okay mom thank you all for all y'alls you know support and ready behind my back girl we read you to your face too from now on we ain't gonna be giving you no more compliments cause now you some real competition let's get on this train no you guys who am i i don't need to smoke why you can never wear enough highlighter the competition is getting a lot tighter i feel like i am a strong competitor but there are some other really strong competitors i'm not taking nothing for granted [Music] you got to do it like a band-aid it's not a time to get comfortable oh daughter was so painful thank you babe why was it not being a team captain i did not like it at all now i gotta depend on somebody else to get it right this is gonna be hard like and they're gonna be looking at you okay you were sticking it last week these sickness again right because i won twice uh-huh and one like so one of them times was an eureka weed that i burned from monique i earned that wig fair and square you're gonna let that go this thing can we talk about your best drag in someone else's wig though that's confusing i brought my best striker i didn't borrow my best friend you brought your best drag why did you wear it on the runway though baby obviously we weren't being judged on the time i'm saying the hair was borrowed i had another wig that matched the dress as well okay i'm just saying that so what are you saying you wanted to be shady it didn't work america let the facts be the facts vixen handed aquaria her ass in a gift bag gift wrapped there you go merry christmas so let's talk about a spider what i can't i can't i can't i know i'm queening out i can't oh it's not real oh jesus it's huge it's just you can fight that dinosaur did you see it oh my lord that spider saved aquarius life just moments bj all right donkey this is awesome hey what's up it's me barry johnson aka bj you know why i want to get to mariah carey with it but uh my friends call me miley cyrus aka hannah montana all right i'm gonna go and uh meet the queens for the first time but they don't know they're meeting me so uh i am the guest judge this week on the panel but first i wanted to go undercover with the ladies i love me some beautiful women pretty excited about this so i'm going in as a crew member can i tuck this into your back pocket tuck away thank you they're never going to know what hit them ain't touching part of the party coming at them with the beach season 11 is not going to know what hit them [Music] vng you have to leave it by yourself baby girl i did that last year there was no space i learned my lesson quick [Music] seems really confident about hers but i don't really care for it that much it kind of just looks like a big like blanket laying on her so well oh yeah i did see that yeah it's not my favorite it's not very clean but she has such personality oh yeah huge personality a little overwhelming sometimes girl this is bun as some bundt cake honey bundt cake it doesn't seem to turn off silky knows that she's on tv and she wants her moment but you can only go so far with just being straight up like obnoxious so we'll see no girl my house started melting you gotta give everyone their moments you know what i mean yeah you have to fight for it with her oh my god my kitchen oh this kitchen down there you carry it uh-huh it carries the one with the issue what happened i need to just have you stand up you've got an audio issue oh audio bj copy to carry his mic if you could fix that app no problem it's down here you might have to go from the bottom how you doing how you doing hold on now can you come here come here uh i took care of it come here i'm out done what's up wait a minute [Music] [Applause] [Applause] what the hell she's my favorite drag race is crazy i can't believe this is happening right now get on my back [Applause] i'm freaking out i want to go ahead and say hi to her but freaking silky took her [Applause] i'm about to boom through you like i'm wrecking ball i think she looks scared girl what up y'all what else you ain't gonna betray dude she got that short hair i'm excited to be over the judges this week though i'm freaking out i can't believe i'm here in this double mirror i want to write something yeah so what's everyone's vibe tonight does everyone feel like comfortable we're a little nervous rack you know what when i'm nervous i know it sounds cheesy but seriously breathe you hold one side and you breathe through one side and you exhale through the other because if you're not breathing you get into this panic state and then you're not yourself my godmother's dolly parton and you know something that i've learned from dolly and the reason why people love her so much she's always herself you know what you want to be is like beautiful and i know this but for me a fan at home i fall in love with the personality and what roo has done you do that through your personality you all wouldn't be here if you weren't confident you're not too scared to try so that already makes you badass and a winner because you're trying you know so preach so i'm going to go d-drag and then re-drag yeah i'll see y'all later and i can't wait for you to see my love yes yeah everyone wants to be here including me so don't you leave without hugging me honey i won't i discovered it you did discover me i discovered i can credit you and my mom for everything i'm ready you better bring it tonight i know you will i already know it's really shocking to be this close to miley and it's really humbling actually because she seems genuinely as excited about meeting us and getting to be a part of this experience as we are to see her have a great show we will see y'all bye [Music] chicken wings color grains that's i'm just like girl this is not the silky show take it [Applause] down came here for a hundred thousand dollars i got a hundred thousand dollars in a man like how you gonna just be like get on my back and run in front of all the cameras like oh my god give me a few smarts tv it's actually getting on my nerves [Music] i need to get up in this annie oakley get up gig on season five i hated playing anything other than alyssa but i want to prove to rue that i'm more than just some pageant queen that can kick and twirl i can be a character what you doing with your hair i think i like her oh is she country enough [Music] or you better believe i'm gonna do my best to steal the show that's the name of this game [Music] it was really fun my podcast was consumed by rolaska talks and my braddish behavior last week we're at the end like the finishing line is right ahead of us and here we are again and it's the same people yeah so glad katy is here with us too she's such a weirdo and i love it um it hits me all at once this is rolaska talks and one other person this is not good it just all is seeming very very oddly strangely familiar the last time it was the three of us and a lovable weirdo we all saw how that worked out so i don't want us to get all comfortable because i'm really like trying to stay focused so i can win this thing i think they're coming out a way out of left field for this though because i don't feel like anything's similar to our last time being in this position it really means a lot and i want to win because i did the best i feel the same way i'm definitely buying from my spot on the top because i feel like i really deserve it too and i've worked my ass off and i want to win just as much as you did so alaska is acting ridiculous i'm lost it's very self-centered i'm not going to win because i'm hanging out with you guys well i'm trying to win we're all trying to win you know what i mean yes i know what you mean it's not just about you girl sorry work for your sister please oh mother there's a hot glue gun does anybody have a lamp shade that shinji could borrow girl look it ain't no secret i'm not a super seamstress oh come on work with mama work with mama work first off however i'm not a person that gives up or throws in the towel come on bertha i've gone away and i have learned at least how to work the sewing machine bertha is not gonna beat me today please uh help me in bertha here we go [Music] why does the top one keep coming out let me tell you who's not gonna win girl shangela what'd you do can i help you i don't know what i did but i didn't do right no that is wrong this is an opportunity for me to at least in a small way thank her for saving me last week this is what you're going to do put this on your body because if this fits this could be really cute mama it ain't going to fit over my body though it doesn't stretch go lower a little bit stretch i didn't know the fabric doesn't stretch oh did it i know y'all think i'm lying but i took two months of sewing classes and for what i guess i should have taken some fabric picking classes that's what i should have taken it's not gonna work maybe if i go over my head i don't know what i'm gonna do i'm basically back at square one at the drawing board god talk it. (grunts) I need knee pads. Ooh. I think in these design challenges, what they really love to see on the runway is if you're able to bring a fashion element to the runway and still push the character through. And I'm making a gown with like, a six-foot train. Like, I'm gonna give you drama. But bitch, making costumes is hard, y'all. (grunting) (bell dings) (overlapping chatter) - There we are, standing in daytime drag in the middle of some thrift store. Nobody clocked me. They thought I was Jada Pinkett Smith up in there. - Gather round, dolls. Now, Christmas is a season for miracles and shopping. And today, you need to do a little bit of both. Using only funky old clothes and used household materials, you need to ho-ho-ho it up by creating your jolliest holiday dragline. You can use your own wigs, shoes, and undergarments, plus any holiday tchotchkes you can mop. But the rest of your outfit has to be 100% thrift store couture, darlings. Tomorrow, you will debut your drag-tacular holiday look on the main stage. Now you each have $50 and 10 minutes to shop until you drop. Now Raja, since you won the photo shoot, you get an extra $25 to spend. (Raja snaps) Gentlemen, start your engines. And may the best woman win. Woo-hoo-hoo! - I had to throw those shoes off and punch it. First thing I eyed was that big lamp in the window. I knew I'd have to ask, "please, can you give a bitch a bargin?" You know what, I just have to have this and I don't have $45. How about 22? I'm on a budget. - 23. - 23. Say hallelu for me? - Hallelu. - Hallelu, all right, all right. You ask, it shall be given. (festive holiday music) (queens gasping) - [Queen] Oh, so pretty! - When we walk back into the workroom, we have to rush and get any holiday fixings that we can. It's a race. (holiday rock music) - These ladies are no ladies. Don't touch my (bleep), this is mine. They are running around, snatching things off the wall. It is a mad dash. - Ooh, girl, I found myself a skirt, yes. (playful music) - I see Shangela, she is dragging this big-ass styrofoam snowman across the room. Is she gonna wear it? I don't know what she gonna do. - You always snatchin', what is that? I'm trying to be sister element of surprise, but it's hard when you got a five foot snowman. She's missing her eye and her nose, but she gonna be all right. - I don't know how I came up with this idea, but it is working to my advantage. I work great under pressure, and I was just, I was feeling it, I was feeling great. (snapping) Does anybody have any red ornaments they don't want? - No, I need some too. - [Venus] Mm-kay. - Yeah. - I noticed Phoenix was doing the same thing. That's shady to me. - Evidently, I was "copying" her amazing idea. - You can be my friend or you can be my enemy, just say it to my face. I mean, if somebody pisses me off, I'm gonna tell them. - I see the claws are coming out early, honey. Whatever is in the dark shall come to the light, especially with regard to this experience. - Ho, ho, ho, ladies. - Hey. - [RuPaul] Hi. - Hey, Ru. - Shangela Laquifa Wadley. - This is Laquifa. Shangela Laquifa in the Wadley family. - [RuPaul] I see. - I've made a Shangie replica. That's how I'm gonna turn it out on that stage. I designed this piece myself. This is actually sewn onto a bodice, I did that. So hopefully we'll all be hitting the runway tomorrow. - Well, that's all cute, but we're talking about $75,000 here. - But it's gonna work. I feel like I'm putting a lot into my creation and I'm confident that it'll at least go over well. - You know, Shangela, I have a lot of faith in you and that's why I invited you back. - I really appreciate it. And I'm trying not to disappoint you. - All right, terrific. - [Shangela] I won't. - Good luck. - [Shangela] Thank you, Ru. - Venus D-Lite. - Ru-Ru. - Merry Christmas. - Merry Christmas. Chrissy-kiss, Chrissy-kiss. (RuPaul laughs) - Now look what you have here. Showgirl always, aren't you? - Yes. This was a jacket, I took off the collar, got ornaments, and I crushed them. Gave it a little glitzy collar. - [RuPaul] The crush thing here, I saw it on a few other. Who had it first? - Me. - [RuPaul] You did? - Then the bitches stole it. - All right, Venus. - [Venus] All right, Ru-Ru. - Carry on. - Till next time. Chrissy-kisses. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Raja. - Hey, Ru. - Hello. Well, look at this. It's very Christmas pudding at Vivian Westwood's on Boxing Day. - You're so right, that's exactly what I was going for. But I really wanted to kind of do the idea of like, gift wrap and how under a Christmas tree it's all sort of like, hodgepodge and mixed up together, and a little Christmas tree green skirt 'cause, you know, that's where you keep all the presents is under the tree. Yes, ma'am. - Well, I can't wait to see this on the runway, so keep working on it, turn it out. - Mm-kay. - And I'll see you later on. Good luck. - All right, Ru. Thanks so much. - All right. Oh, it's Venus D-Lite. Merry Christmas. - [Venus] I'm just really trying to be fun and sassy, little flirty, I'm being me. - [Billy] Oh, lick it. - [RuPaul] Oh, that looks delicious. - [Billy] Somebody's gonna get caned. - [RuPaul] Up next is Raja. Oh, no stranger to the runway. - [Michelle] Look at the detail on that skirt. - [Santino] Vivienne Westwood, what? - [Raja] Once I get out there, I feel awesome. That's my thing. I am a runway girl, I am a photography girl, I'm a model. - [RuPaul] I just can't take my eyes off of her. - [Michelle] Gorgeous. - [Santino] Yes. - [RuPaul] Snow angels. - [Billy] Was it snow angels or a fit? (judges laughing) - [RuPaul] Shangela Laquifa Wadley. Oh, she's gained weight. - [Michelle] And she got pale. - [RuPaul] Oh, there she is. - [Michelle] There she is. - [Santino] She made a snowman. - [Billy] She's a little frosty. - [RuPaul] Oh, and she's got her piece of corn there. - [Michelle] Oh, right. - [RuPaul] It's become a tradition here. Oh, and her skirt, her skirt's light-up. - [Michelle] Oh! - [RuPaul] Where's she keeping the batteries? - [Shangela] I am feeling so confident. I love my outfit and all I can think is, "Shangela, work, bitch." - You know what I say. Never work with animals, children or snowmen. Venus. You were outshined on the runway. I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. - When Ru said I was in the bottom two, I was devastated. - Raja. With your photo, fashion, and frolic in the snow. You are the queen who's stole Christmas. Con-drag-ulations, you are the winner of this challenge. (judges clapping) - I'm so proud of myself. I worked really hard and I was really focused about this, and It feels really great. - Shangela, I've given you a second chance, but your holiday presentation left us a little frosty. For your first main challenge, you need to create an award-winning look that screams "Hollywood red carpet couture," darling. You'll have just one minute to dumpster dive. And ladies, all sales are final. (RuPaul chuckles) - Oh my God. We're dumpster diving for materials. Great, it's a challenge. - Gentlemen, start your engines. And may the best woman win. (queens shouting) - My garbage! - I can't get out of here. (Monica exclaims) - Penny Tration, that's the back my face, honey. My money maker. I was pissed. Don't knock me over. - Don't knock you over? This pushy little queen over here, getting on my nerves. I am not afraid to shove my way through the little girls. Mommy! And get what I need to get. - [Queen] I am gagged, and not in the good way. I got a steal. Five finger discount. (upbeat music) - I'm definitely feeling the pressure because I floundered in the dunk tank, so hopefully I can redeem myself. (funky music) - Alaska is a one trick pony at this point because, yet again, she's making another dress out of plastic bags. - Saran wrap? It's red carpet, honey. This might get you on the bottom two. Good luck. - Being an artist, I feel like the best thing to do is just, you know, concentrate on your concept, chew as much as you can chew, and you hope that whatever you spit out comes out right. - Serena is going very slow. She's doing this and that, but there's just kind of no product being made, and time's ticking down. - Hello, hello, hello. (overlapping greetings) Now, is this the Real Drag Queens of Beverly Hills? - [All] Yes. - Yes, ma'am. - Serena ChaCha. - Hi, Ru. - How long you been doing drag? - For three years. Just turned 21, just graduated art school. I do performance art. - Performance art. - Yeah. - Now, do you sew? - Yes, but there is a new art movement called "soft sculpture." It's more about creating a sculpture rather than just tailoring. - Well, that sounds great on paper, but what does it look like? - It looks like this. - That scares me. - I'm trying to do detail first, just like when you paint. - There's not a lot of time here, you know. - Little scared about that. - And there's not a lot of dress over here, either. - Now it's still really abstract right now, but I know it's gonna come together. - Serena said she went to art school. She might want her money back. - I just was surprised that you're so calm and collected. You know, there's a lot of experienced queens here who are a little further along in their execution of their couture outfits. - All I have to do is come up with a whole performative aspect for my dress, and I'm totally calm. I know this is gonna work out, I totally do. - Well, listen, I know you got a lot of work to do here. I can tell. - I do. - So get back to it. - Okay, I will. Thank you, Ru, appreciate it. - Thank you. - All right. - Roxxxy Andrews. - RuPaul. - Look at you, girl. - Girl, I'm rushing. - Do you sew? - I do sew. You know, losing weight when I was a kid, you know, I had to take a lot of my clothes in 'cause we didn't have a lot of money. - Now, have you recently lost a lot of weight? - I did lose, I've lost like 70 pounds. - 70 pounds? - 70 pounds. - And how has that affected the way you dress and the way you feel? - Well, girl, now I show a little more body than I used to be able to. I used to be eight corsets, ten girdles, and not being able to breathe. I used to be a bigger girl, but I still consider myself a girl who's got a little meat on her bones. And whether you're juicy, fat, whatever, embrace what you got and work with it. - You're not a big girl, you're a thick girl. - I'm not thick, I'm juicy. - Oh, okay, all right. I'm down with that. - Right. - Listen, I'm going to let you get back to work here. - Thank you, Ru. - Thank you. - Penny Tration. - RuPaul. - Hi. You are our fan favorite. - I know. - The fans chose you. - Which is amazing to me. I now have a true respect for politicians. All the begging and the pleading and the vote. - So tell me what you're doing. The silhouette has sort of a drop waist. - Yes, what I have is this crazy torso, so what I try and do is elongate it a bit, bring it down to my knees. - You bring your torso down to your knees? - Well, ish. Make the length come down here. - Uh-huh. Well, you know, you were very enterprising in your campaigning to get here, so you've got to be able to translate that into your couture outfit. - Yes. I am going for a look that is more classic. Penny Tration is not Lady Gaga. And nor does she want to be. - Bring it, mama. - I'll do my best. - All right. - Thanks, Ru. - Get to work. The 49th state, Alaska. - Hi. - You're finally here. - I know, yay. - How many times have you auditioned for this show? - Every time that you're allowed to and sometimes when you're not even accepting applications. - Well, you've worked so hard to get here for so many years, and then I was a little bit surprised that in the tank, you sort of kind of gave up. (dramatic music sting) I just want to encourage you to just go for it every single time. Now tell me, what are you working on? - This is my plastic evening gown. - [RuPaul] Uh-huh. - I didn't want to shy away from making it look like it came out of a dumpster. - Well, the challenge is to turn trash into flash. - Ru is looking at this a little funny and I know I'm taking a risk. I hope it's couture enough. I just see it in my brain. - Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna let you get back to work. - Thank you. - All right. (Alaska chuckles) First up, the queen on everyone's lips, Roxxxy Andrews. Foxy Roxxxy. - [Santino] Ooh, and the hips don't lie. - [Roxxxy] I'm walking down the runway, give them a little bit of hip and body. Bam. This is exactly what I would wear to an award show. - [RuPaul] All that ass. - [Mike] I'd like to spend a night in the Roxxxy. (Santino laughs) - She has a huge opening weekend. And her box office ain't bad, either. (judges laughing) Penny Tration. - [Michelle] (chuckles) Yes, please. - [RuPaul] Penny for your thoughts. - [Penny] I'm walking slow and letting them take all the Penny Tration in, trying to make sure they can get to see the backside of Penny Tration. - You better sissy that walk, girl. You better sissy that walk. - [Michelle] Hi. - [Mike] I wonder if she has a twin, she'd be double Penny Tration. (Michelle laughs) - [RuPaul] The 49th state, Alaska. (judges gasp) - [Santino] It's gorgeous. - [RuPaul] Is that a Birkin bag or a Glad bag? (judges laugh) - [Alaska] So that dress is made of plastic, but I am treating it like the most expensive couture gown ever. And I just wiggle my way down the railway as best I can. - [RuPaul] She must have a really big dog. (judges laugh) Alaska. Oh dear, I can see Russia from here. - [Michelle] Is that Sarah Palin in that dress? - [RuPaul] It's saran Palin. (judges laugh) Serena ChaCha. - [Michelle] Hey. - [RuPaul] From Panama. - [Michelle] Panama City, Florida? - [RuPaul] Panama Vity, Florida. - [Mike] Via the Suez Canal. - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Serena] Serena ChaCha is a drag scholar. I feel avant-garde couture editorial, like some sort of surreal painting. I'm giving them something different. - [Mike] It's like Shakira meets- - [Santino] Pinocchio. - [Michelle] Who are you calling a lederhosen? - Cha, cha, cha. Alaska. You had this challenge in the bag. (dramatic music sting) You're safe. - Thank you. (tense music) - Roxxxy Andrews. You dove deep into the dumpsters of Beverly Hills and made rubbish look ravishing. Con-drag-ulations, you're the winner of this challenge. (all clapping) You receive a custom gown by Marco Marco, plus immunity from elimination next week. - Are you kidding me right now? I'm on cloud nine. So excited! - Serena ChaCha. On the runway, you moved like Jagger, but your red carpet look was cou-torture. (dramatic music sting) I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. (dramatic music sting) - Oh, crap. You really messed up. I do not want to be the first person sent home. This cannot (bleep) happen at this point. - Penny Tration. We love your dangerous curves, but your red carpet couture veered off in the wrong direction. Penny Tration. I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. (Penny sighs) Ladies, don't let this devastatingly beautiful queen cast an evil spell on your charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent. Because for this week's maxi-challenge, you need to create a totally original fairytale princess. (queens cheering) First, you'll come up with a memorable name and a mythology. Then, you'll need to design a fantasy frock to debut on the main stage. Hashtag "DragPrincess." And to help you bring your princess story to life, you'll also be creating a sassy sidekick. (cat meows) And you'll be playing both parts. (queens laughing) - What? We have to create a little sidekick to have our heads floating by our character. This is nuts, who thinks of this? - So, cinder-fellas, feel free to use the magical materials from the Fabric Planet wall. Gentlemen, start your engines and may the best woman win. (all clapping) - Ooh. - How are you feeling about this challenge, girl? - I feel like I have the new age mindset to kind of like, make this extremely avant-garde and high fashion. So, I feel like I might have this one in the bag. It's a design challenge, and I sew 80%, no, 95% of everything I wear, so I'm known for creating different looks and I feel really confident that this might be my challenge. - Are you okay? - I'm gonna just try and make something mermaid-y, something underwater-y. - I'm doing it under the water too. - Are you doing a fish? - I was gonna do a mermaid, but then like I was like, there's too many people doing under the water stuff. - Great. - Yeah. - Yeah, I'm terrified. - Ooh, what's this that you got here, Kimora? - I'm gonna be, obviously, Tarzan's other wife. - How are you feeling about going into this challenge? You were in the bottom two last week. - And you don't sew. - I know, I don't sew. I like to pay designers to make my stuff. I'm your very spoiled drag queen. Would Kim K sew her own outfits? No. - Well, if you pay designers to do your stuff, how much will you pay me to make your challenge? - I mean, I have $400 right now. (all laughing) - I'll see if I have some time. - I don't work in a sweat shop. That's not what I signed up for. This is not America's Next Top Sweatshop. - Hey, kitty girls. (overlapping greetings) So how are things going in the magic queendom? - Great. - Good. Aja from the BK. - Ah, Ru-Ru. - Now, you know how to sew, so you got lots of skills. - Yes. - So tell me about your princess. - Her name is Disastah. She is a volcanic eruption, basically. She is kind of inspired by my mom. She's like an angry Puerto Rican woman. - Really? - I have a tattoo of her, she's right here. - [RuPaul] That's your mother? - Yes. When she got mad, you'd see the red come up, and her baby hairs would start crimpling up. It's like an eruption, girl. - Now, how are you gonna shine? - I just feel so confident about it. I'm just like, I'm gonna do this and it's going to be cute. - You know, I've heard that before. Well, I can't wait to see Disastah. I'll let you get to it. Valentina. - I'm ready for my closeup, Mr. DeMille. - Oh my goodness. Can I see your eyes? - Well, you see, the thing is, it's my very first time shaving my brows, and I'm kind of like, nervous because I don't have my Brooke Shields, blue lagoon eyebrows. - Oh, oh my goodness, look at there. Why didn't you just shave them all off? - Well, because I want to still have a bit of boy brow to draw. - Uh-huh. - So that I don't look completely crazy. - Why are you looking at me when you said that? (Valentina laughs) Okay, so I want to hear about your princess. - She's an ice princess. She comes from planet Azula. - And that's nowhere near Azusa, is it? - Not anywhere near as Azusa, California. I have a big imagination and I'm really excited to get started. - See you out there. - Thanks, Ru. - Trinity Taylor. Now tell me about your princess. What's her name? - Corella Aquapussy. - She sounds juicy and salty. - I kinda like it. - I do, too. (RuPaul and Trinity laugh) So tell me about her sidekick. - Well, her sidekick is Stanky the starfish. And I was going to go with, you know, a chocolate starfish. - Uh-huh. - But I decided, you know, kids want bright colors, so. - Kids don't know they want a chocolate starfish until they've had a chocolate starfish. - Right. - [RuPaul] You know? - I love chocolate starfish. - Are you kidding? I live for chocolate starfish. But this is not a chocolate starfish. What kind of a starfish is this? - Well, he's gonna be a country starfish. - Like from Cracker Barrel? (RuPaul and Trinity laugh) Now, you came very close to winning last week. Any bitterness there? - No, I came close, but you know what? I do know that Ms. Thing, she won, even though she's been doing drag a whole lot less than me. She's younger than me, (bleep) that bitch. (RuPaul laughs) She better watch out. - Okay. - 'Cause Aquapussy is coming. (RuPaul laughs) - Well, I can't wait to see Aquapussy out there on that runway. - Me, too. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Kimora Blac, Princess Banana Lady. - My name is Funky Monkey, Banana Lady's cute bodyguard from Banana Kingdom. I am here to protect her from all the big, bad jungle men with small bananas. I love to help her make her dream of banana digging come true. She is so rich, she got all the banana she's ever wanted. - [RuPaul] Valentina, Princess Vira. - [Ross] Where is Vira's wang? (RuPaul laughs) - My name is Nibby, Princess Vira's shady godmother. I live to help make her dream of freezing over the universe be a shade come true. My advice is simple. Hate everyone. Someday, she'll be the shadiest, most evilest queen of all and live hatefully ever after. - [RuPaul] Aja, Princess Disastah. - [Ross] I almost wore that same outfit today, so. - [RuPaul] Did you? - [Ross] Yep. - My name is Dusistah, and I am princess Disastah's smoke cloud. I live to make her dreams come true of coal mining and becoming a gold digger. Someday, she'll be the most ashy princess and she'll live flamingly ever after. - [RuPaul] Orange you glad you got fire insurance? Trinity Taylor, Princess Aquapussy. Oh, surf and turf. - My name is Stanky the starfish, the royal redneck counselor. We first met when the princess was in the water-lam clinic getting her itch cream. It was for her outbreak, clam-ydia. I hope that someday she can find the cure for this WTD. That stands for water-transmitted disease. - Ooh, pass the tartar sauce. Kimora Blac. The judges were not a fan-a your banana. I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. (Kimora sighs) - This is the worst feeling in the world. It sucks to be here again. - Trinity Taylor. You wished upon a starfish and your dreams came true. Con-drag-ulations. You are the winner of this week's challenge. - Yes, mama. - Girl, I finally won my first challenge. I have arrived and these other girls need to watch out. - Valentina. Your ice princess was totally hot. You're safe. - Thank you. - Aja, the judges did not lava your princess storyline. Aja, I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. - Oh my God. - I feel confused. I definitely think Farrah should be in the bottom two. Not me. - Farrah Moan. You may join the other girls. - Thank you. - Now ladies, our Warhol Ball is just getting started. For this week's maxi-challenge, you'll need to create two Warhol inspired looks. From scratch. (inhales) First look, in homage to his iconic Campbell soup can series, I want you to become soup-ermodels. That's right. You need to design a soup can that captures the true flavor of your charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent. Now for your second look, inspired by Andy's favorite nightclub, Studio 54, you need to design disco queen couture. Now to give you a sense of how wild studio 54 could be, Bianca Jagger was once photographed entering the club on a white horse. God, I miss Quaaludes. You can use fabrics provided by Mood and hair provided by RockStar Wigs. Gentlemen, start your engines and may the best all star win. - The maxi challenge is to create a soup that reflects who you are as a drag persona. Last week, I believed I was going home. In this week, I love sewing, I love making costumes, and I'm actually really good at branding and selling stuff. So I'm feeling really good. I want to win a (bleep) challenge. Is anybody else doing energy? - Well, I'm not doing energy, I'm doing sugar. When I think of myself, I think of sweet. - Aja's making something really sweet because she's sweet? - Like, sweets. Like, come get your sugar rush type, like, I want my suit to be a candy suit. - A candy flavored soup? It's not interesting and doesn't really brand you at all. That's like, crazy. (funky music) - Mine is spicy, mine is hot, and it's called Ah-choo. - Ah-choo? - Yeah. It's like a spicy, kind of very flavorful. It's called Ah-choo. - What the (bleep) is Ah-choo? Ah-choo. Shouldn't soup help a cold, not cause one? You don't hear no stupid being called (coughing). - [BeBe] I'm writing my ingredients right now. - Uh-huh. - It's like, you know, like a peanut soup. You'll find ginger, garlic, onions, ground peanuts. - That's soup. That's soup. - You add some kick to it. - This isn't The Chew, we're not making food. - What do you guys think? Ah-choo. - Honey, if she names that soup "Ah-choo," that soup is gonna be a recipe for the bottom two. Work for your sister, please. (sewing machine hums) Oh, mother (bleep). ♪ There is a hot glue gun ♪ - Does anybody have a lampshade that Shangie could borrow? - Girl. Look, it ain't no secret I'm not a super seamstress. Oh, come on, work with mama, work with mama. Work, Bertha! (bleep) However, I'm not a person that gives up or throws in the towel. Come on, Bertha. I've gone away and I have learned at least how to work the sewing machine. Bertha is not gonna beat me today. Please, God, help me and Bertha. Here we go. (Shangela laughs) (Shangela shrieks) Why does the top one keep coming out? - Let me tell you who's not gonna win. - Girl. - Shangela, what'd you do? Can I help you? - I don't know what I did, but I didn't do right. - Oh, that is wrong. (Shangela laughs) This is an opportunity for me to at least in a small way, thank her for saving me last week. This is what you're gonna do. Put this in your body, 'cause if this fits, this could be really cute. - Mama, it ain't gonna fit over my body, though. It doesn't stretch. Go lower, go lower. - It doesn't stretch? - I didn't know the fabric doesn't stretch. - Oh, bitch. (Shangela laughs) - Did it fit? - No, bitch. (Shangela laughs) I know y'all think I'm lying, but I took two months of sewing classes, and for what? I guess I should've taken some fabric picking classes. That's what I should have taken. It's not gonna work. Maybe if I go over my head. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I'm basically back at square one at the drawing board. (dramatic music sting) God, dog it. - [RuPaul] BeBe Zahara Benet. - [BeBe] Don't be scared. I'm bringing a taste of Africa into your mouth. I am Zaza, spicy, flavorful, hot. And I will make you want to shout, "Cameroon!" (RuPaul laughs) - [Michelle] The soup du jour is nut. (judges laugh) - Category is disco queen. Eleganta Extravaganza. Aja. You can lead a whore to water. (judges laugh) - [Aja] Sis, life is so crazy. Last night I was at the Tarjay and I ran into Lindsay Lohan, who had the nerve to tell me that I look like Linda Evangelista. The nerve. Who would have thought that my life would go from twerking these cheeks to now telling people that their smile is beautiful and getting paid for it. - [Michelle] That's a look you can wear in winter, fall, Donna Summer. - [RuPaul] Yes. Shangela. Never look a gift whore in the mouth. - [Shangela] Dear diary, last night, Solange Knowles dragged me to Mariah Carey's New Year's Eve party, where she was like, "Happy New Year, everybody." Who would have thought my life would go from shucking corn in Paris, Texas to now meeting with Tyra Banks and Miss Jay Alexander for lunch to talk about shooting photos for America's Next Top Model cycle number 276. Hallelu. - [Michelle] She's got a big disc. - [RuPaul] Is that a 12-inch? - [Michelle] I think so. - Trixie Mattel. A whore by any other name is still a whore. (judges laugh) - [Trixie] OMG, girl. Last night I dreamed I was in the front row of Tiffani Amber Thiessen's fashion show, seated between Karen from finance and John Wayne, who's looking better than ever. Then I raced to dinner with Soleil Moon Frye, Betsy Johnson, and Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and all they could talk about was rhinestoning their lady parts. Wow, I love life. - [Michelle] Ru, who needs a horse toe when you can have a camel? (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] BeBe Zahara Benet. If you want a ride, ride the white horse. - [Tituss] Yes, Auntie. - [BeBe] Dear diary, life is so crazy. Last night I was at Diana Ross's famous party at the Moulin Rouge. The paparazzi swooped in and the scene got really, really crazy. Thank God I had my pepper spray in my purse, so I ripped it out and started spraying those bitches and everybody went crazy. (laughs) - [Michelle] Looks like a homosexual carwash. - [Shay] The best kind. - [Michelle] Yes, please. - Based on the judges' critiques, I've made some decisions. BeBe Zahara Benet. Trixie Mattel. Con-drag-ulations. You are the top two all stars of the week. (judges clapping) BenDeLaCreme. Kennedy Davenport. You are safe. - Thank you. - That means Aja and Shangela, you are the bottom two. (dramatic music sting) Now ladies, to kick off a new decade of drag, we're going back to our roots. As in, back to the very first challenge from the very first episode of RuPaul's Drag Race. We call it "Drag on a Dime." (queens cheering) Oh, pit crew. (queens gawking) Wait a minute, is that it? There's got to be more. (overlapping chatter) Now that's what I'm talking about right there. For this week's maxi-challenge, you need to create million dollar looks using a bunch of junk from the 99 Cent Store. Now you can use your own hair, heels, and undergarments, but everything else that meets the eye should be bargain bin beautiful. - I don't do drag on a dime, so this is about to go left, right, up, down, side to side. - Gentlemen, start your engines. And the best woman win. - Our first challenge is based on the first challenge in Drag Race history, girl. We have to make things from the 99 Cent Store. - It's chaos, madness, confusion, and everybody's running like hell and high water. - I'm getting all these Barbie dolls. - I'm grabbing the flowers and the tool and I'm making me a princess look. And I'm gonna make sure none of these hoes is doing the same look as me. - What material does she have? Looking at what I have, I realize that it adds up to nothing. But I'm going to Cinderella this pumpkin into a carriage. - [Miz] Monique. - Yes? - Do I have anything that you want in exchange for your blue hat? In order to make my look, I beg and barter. - Here you go. - Oh my God, you're amazing. - Look at y'all sharin' and whatnot. - I end up with three straw hats and a shower curtain. Not even a partridge in a pear tree. - Do you make a lot of your outfits? - I really like making things from stuff that I find in the street. - Like in a literal street? - In the actual street. When we were growing up, I was really, really poor, so we had to improvise. My mother is an artist who learned to make fabulous things on a dime. So my mother taught me to comb the streets for garbage I liked and to make it into something fascinating by sunset. There's something really rewarding about the challenge of like, looking at something like, on the street and being like, "okay, what could this be in another life?" And I love that. - I think I've reneged on the Barbie dolls, if anyone wants the Barbie dolls. - Yeah, babe. 'Cause I don't think I'm gonna have enough for the flowers. - My first idea is to do this doll constructed thing. But I realize that there aren't enough to cover my big-ass body. And I know that I can create this really like, Gaga, couture-esque look with sponges. It's either gonna be couture or co-torn. - I don't think nobody wants to look like the cleaning crew. I came here to get the Drag Race check, not the cleaning crews check. - What you doing over here, how you feel about this? - So you come into my station. - Well, 'cause you got pink too and pretty stuff, so I need to get some like, inspiration. - Mama, this is the epitome of winging it. I'm gonna do a headpiece with the Barbies and accoutrement. I'm gonna take the tool and make a little- - Like a little Balero-y kind of thing? - You know, it come out, serving a little bit of (bleep). - Are you nervous about it? I'm nervous about mine. - I'm nervous of how these judges might feel about it. I need to slay and get these girls to recognize I ain't trying to be pork chop, I might be fish filet. - Kalorie Karbdashian Williams. Bonina Brown, Zeta-Jones. Dollar want to make you holler. - [Michelle] Yeah. - [Kalorie] I'm just trying to give very expensive, rich white woman. I'm feeling like Kris Jenner at the Met Gala giving you mama realness. I'm feeling fabulous. - [Christina] The buck stops here. - [Michelle] Cash me outside, how about that? (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Mother may I, Mayhem Miller. - [Michelle] Ooh, I wonder if that dress is three-ply lining. - [Cameron] Well for safety, she double-bagged it. - [Michelle] Yes. - [Ross] She is giving garbage pail goddess. It's lovely, it's fierce, it's dark, it's mysterious. It's Mayhem. - [RuPaul] And if the glove don't fit. - [Michelle] You must acquit. - [RuPaul] No, make an outfit out of it. - [Michelle] All right, all right. - [RuPaul] Vanessa Vanjie Mateo, from the Mateo dynasty. Bam. - [Michelle] Flower power bottom. - [Ross] You can lead a whore to culture. (judges laughing) - [Vanessa] Forget fashion week, this runway is the one that matters. Eat it up, eat it up. These cookies is coming down the runway, baby. Giving these doll fantasies, baby. A little wink, wink, nudge, nudge, and headed to the door, let's go. - [RuPaul] Flowers in the attic. - [Michelle] And in the basement. - [Ross] And on the back porch. (judges chuckle) - [RuPaul] Miz Cracker. Mr. Cheese-it. Oh, she looks so sad. - [Miz] Today, I'm serving sad widow. My body language is silent film drama. I'm telling you everything without saying a word. It's not the outfit that will sell the runway, it's me. - Miz Cracker, she's putting on the Ritz. (judges laugh) Miz Cracker. You're safe. (dramatic music sting) Mayhem Miller. More glove, more love. Con-drag-ulations. You're the winner of this week's challenge. (all clapping) - I won the first challenge of RuPaul's Drag Race Season 10. It feels amazing. - Kalorie Karbdashian Williams. You're dripping in dollars, but you didn't make it rain. Vanessa Vanjie Mateo. You're a doll, but your body was overpowered by a field of flowers. Kalorie, Vanessa. I'm sorry, my dears, but you are up for elimination. Now, for this week's maxi-challenge, you need to transform yourself into a magical live-action character that pays a visit to the very animated Drag Tots. (queens cheer) It follows the misadventures of a group of little drag queen school pals. Now here, you'll recognize some of your favorite Drag Tots whose voices are provided by Drag Race royalty. Bianca Del Rio, Latrice Royale, Adore Delano, Detox, Valentina, and more. To win this challenge, you need to first create a captivating character, complete with name, backstory, and magical powers. Then, design a head to toe look that brings her to life on the runway. (queens cheering) - (grunts) I need knee pads. Ooh. I think in these design challenges, what they really love to see on the runway is if you're able to bring a fashion element to the runway and still push the character through. And I'm making a gown with like, a six-foot train. Like, I'm gonna give you drama. But bitch, making costumes is hard, y'all. (grunts) (funky music) - You all right, Ra'Jah? - I'm over here overthinking. - What are you overthinking? - This whole assignment. I'm just having to kind of rethink this character right now. I'm in a weird head space. So far in the competition, I've been having my moments, feeling my feelings, and like, shaking those feelings. But this week, La Raj is about to enter the building. Woo. I'm so stressed. I'm feeling very like, low right now. - Introducing Ra'Jah O'Hara as Eye See You Queen. - [Lady Liber-T] Yes, see me with them hands. - Talk about hand-eye coordination. - [Michelle] She identifies as bifocal. (RuPaul laughs) - [Ra'Jah] What up, do? My name is Eye See You Queen. People call me a out-of-funk-ologist. My powers include changing the mood in the room, helping you find your groove, and when I'm really down in a funk, I can twerk my way into another dimension. Woo, yay. - Work. - [Ra'Jah] I want to teach you all how to harness the power of perspective. Change in prospective, baby. The easiest way to do that is to find your groove. - Amen. - [Ra'Jah] And if someone makes fun of you for being off beat, you just tell them, baby, you can't hear my song. Before I go, I have one more piece of advice. When in doubt, groove it out. And that is trademarked. Eye See You later. (RuPaul laughs) - [Michelle] Anyone got eyes on Ra'Jah? (Lady Liber-T laughing) - Ra'Jah O'Hara. Con-drag-ulations, you're the top all star of the week. - Yay. - Oh, you're gonna make my eyes cry. - You've won a cash prize of $5,000, courtesy of Ross Matthews. - Do I get it today? Today, right now? - Can I borrow $5,000? - Extra extra, read all about it. Ra'Jah O'Hara's in the house, and I hope you came to play. My name is Ra'Jah D. O'Hara, the D is short for Davenport. I'm from Dallas, Texas, where everything is bigger, better and bolder. Ra'Jah is a dancing queen. I'm known for my kicks, my splits, my energy. But Ra'Jah is also... it. Hey. - Hey, girl. Hello. - Hi, I'm Big Silky. - Come on, Big Silky. Aah! - Oh. Why your earring coming off? You weren't doing the electric slide, you just took two steps, Mary. - I'm sorry, do I know you? (all laugh) Aah! - Oh! - Both of 'em girl. Both earrings. It's national television, honey. Just staple that (beep) to your ear, girl. - Here we go. - That's double sabotage, now. - Snatch and change. - [Queen] Yes! - [RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara. - [Michelle] He brought a lot, baby. What color belt should I wear? All the colors. (judges laugh) - [Ra'Jah] I'm serving you seventies, disco, roller skate fish, boots all the way up to my (beep) thighs. Yes, ma'am. Come through. - [Judge] Kinky roots. (judges laugh) - Ladies, picture this. The year is 1990. And I'm working the backstage door after a sold out concert by the super hot girl group, Seduction. Featuring Michelle Visage. I wonder, what ever happened to her? (all laugh) So, for today's mini challenge, you need to do and say what ever it takes to sweet talk your way in. In the end, the two queens with the funniest powers of persuasion, win. - No, let me in, let me in, it's your girl. - [RuPaul] Let me see the ass. - Oh. - [RuPaul] Ain't no ass there. - I'm not, look again. - [RuPaul] Is that a rabbit coat? - Yeah, yeah, that's my good fur. My good fur. (RuPaul laughing) - [RuPaul] Access has been denied. - What? - Ladies, you are all total stalkers. (queens laugh) But two of you proved you got real schmooze control. Nina West (queens applaud) and Ra'Jah O'Hara. - [Queen] Whoa, come on bitch! - [RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara. - [Michelle] Now those are what I call ruby slippers. - [Ra'Jah] Red fringe from head to toe, giving you major red tease with my favorite get 'em girl boots. 'Cause when I step down this runway, you are most definitely gonna have to eat it. - [Michelle] There's no place like homo. (judges laugh) - It was so great meeting you girls, love y'all, Mercedes. - [All] Aw! - We love you too, bitch. Eyeyeye! - [All] Eyeyeye! - Going forward, my strategy is just to project positive energy because I always go to the negative, in any situation. - I'm grateful to be here for another week. I'm glad I didn't have to (beep) lip sync, girl. - But if I have to do that (beep) every (beep) week, if this how I have to fight to stay here, I will do it. Because I feel the most comfortable when I am on stage, living and getting my 'jush'. - Yeah girl, but when are you gonna apply that to the challenges? 'Cause that's what's gonna keep you out of the bottom. - I will tell you this. Don't try me right now. - That's not trying you, girl, that's being honest. - But no, no, no, no, no, no. - That's the tea, girl, you better take that tone back down. - Wait! How dare you. You, first and foremost, are not sickening at all, you are literally wearing trash. I'm not gagging. I mean, I'm gagging from like, (Ra'Jah sniffs) the smell. It's like bitch, do you bathe? - Meet Starr-Kiesha Booty La'RaJah. She might have smaller feet than RuPaul, but her badonkadonk is enormous. (RuPaul laughs) Her box is stuffed with all kinds of fun to play with accessories, like an extra large cup of drank. (RuPaul laughs) A lot of dolls drive fancy pink sports cars, but she drives a bus. (horn honks) She's not just a doll, she's a bad bitch. - [RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara. Hey hey, kitty girl. - I taught, I taught, but he cat. - [Ra'Jah] I am most definitely serving you pink pussy, the house down boot. And when I say boots, you already know what that means. Thigh high boots. Yes, ma'am. Meow. - [Judge] I would love to chase that tail. (RuPaul laughs) - [Judge] Here, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty. - [RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara. I'd love to get a burlap dance from her. (judges laughing) - I'm serving the most sickening pair of pants, burlap. As the top, I have the tree bark. And at my temples, I have a piece of bark as my crown. It's super high fashion and I feel like this is really my time to shine. - [Michelle] She's a green parade. (judges laughing) - [RuPaul] Now we've got parsley for the salad. (judges laughing) - [Michelle] Thank God, I was starving. - Ra'Jah O'Hara, this is just the beginning for you. Keep on strutting girl. Now, sashay away. (all clapping) - Takes a real bitch from the hood to do this (beep) though. To the top, to the moon! (queens cheering) (Ra'Jah sighs) I'm heartbroken, but this is only the beginning, like mother said. One of those girls that's always getting told that she's pretty should be here, standing in this spot, but I'm a fighter. So, I'mma keep fighting. (Ra'Jah laughs) (techno alien music) Your salty homegirl is back and she's sweeter than before. (Ra'Jah laughs) Baby, y'all better watch out 'cause Miss Ra'Jah's back! Come on through, bitch. (Ra'Jah laughs) - Got more legs than a bucket of chicken. - Two of 'em. - Two of 'em. (queens laugh) - [RuPaul] I see Diana Ross, I see Lola Falana. - Let me tell you something. Ra'Jah is a bad bitch, okay? But season 11 Ra'Jah, she was just a bitch. Don't try me right now. I'm not gagging. She's taken up enough mirror space. (queens laughing) The bad bitch that I claim that I am, the bad bitch that I know that I am, I didn't show her at all. - Ra'Jah, you look stressed. - Instead of thinking on the negative, just be you. (Ra'Jah sighs) - Now, wait a minute, bitch. - No, wait a minute! Let me see you one time. - This time, yeah ma'am I'm coming for that hundred thousand dollars. Bitch! The brakes has been cut and I'm going full throttle. Bitch, let's go! - A'keria Davenport. (A'Keria gasps) My sister, my sister. Ass all mighty, ankles all tiny, okay? (all laugh) Scarlet Envy, is that you? I almost didn't recognize you without the beard. (all laugh) If you'd give me a minute of your time, I hope to make a dress that's sublime. Ross? - Ready, set, go! (quirky piano music) (queens cheering) - [Queen] Get it, girl! - [RuPaul] Whoo! - [Queen] Ah, that bitch is going, okay! - [Queen] Is she really sewing? (queen laughs) - [Queen] Is she sewing well? - How am I doing on time? - 40 seconds left! - Amazing. (judges laugh) - [Queen] Come on, say it. Oh, she's really gonna go through with this. - [Queen] Oh damn, bitch, that's real talent. - Oh my god, stop. - 30 seconds left! - Thank you, 30 seconds. (man laughs) - [Man] Yes, Ra'Jah. Come on, say it. - [Queen] Wait a minute bitch, you all done? - Oh, is she gonna get it? Is she gonna get that dress? (queens cheering) - 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, - Aah! (indistinct) 4, 3, 2, 1. (queens cheering) - Thank you. (judges clapping) - Up next, Ra'Jah O'Hara. - I've seen this before, from Bianca Del Rio. I've never seen it in a minute though. This was very impressive. This is a dress that people would buy and you could whip out 60 of 'em (RuPaul laughs) in an hour! - And smartly, just showing us the black part of the fabric. So that when you reveal this purple metallic person, I almost had a gay heart attack over here! (RuPaul and Ra'Jah laugh) - Thank you. - Thank you. I never realized how... much structure went into these little folding chairs, bitch. (queen chuckles) Damn. I love to sew. Like, sewing is my gig. Why is this so hard? But, the unconventional challenge is the one that sent me home on my season. - It's a bold move to make a pant out of burlap. - I'm the one that's over there nervous with no (beep) material. - You're good, girl. - You have no material? - I just sewed a dress. - Yeah. - In a minute, of course. But I went home on a unconventional sewing challenge. No, I'm speaking this out loud. - Okay, okay. - Like. - You, okay. - I'm feeling some type of way just because I'm like. I'm looking at these materials that I have grabbed and I am like, bitch, is this where I have (beep) myself all the way up? - So, Ra'Jah. On season 11, you were mouthy. - I was the salty queen. - You were mouthy, you had an opinion, you had a point of a view. - A view? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm not liking that energy at all. Like, what the (beep) is that about? It's not like I'm mad at you, that's just how I talk. - I feel like you're very mad at me. - I think the season 11 go 'round, it was like misdirected energy, it was insecurities popping out. It was like, everything all over the place. And, you know, I had to go home, take it all in, say "girl, you a mess." Okay, so I had to like do some self-reflecting and you know, just like really get to the root of those issues that I was really dealing with. - Wise words. And that's usually the case with most situations when people come up against a brick wall. It's because of their own insecurities that hold them back. - Mhm. On season 11, being considered a villain, or being misunderstood as a villain really has put a fire in me to go out and be my authentic self. I'm a down ass bitch, I'm cooler than a fan. Now I am still spicy, but listen, a little spice ain't never hurt nobody, okay? Keep your hot sauce in your bag, bitch. - When you were here last, it was a design challenge that sent you home. - It was. First and foremost, I'm not using burlap at all. Throw the burlap out the door, okay? - All right, all right. I'm gonna let you get back to it. I can't wait to see you out there. Don't wind up in the bottom. - This is it, round two. I'm reclaiming my time, I'm reclaiming my bad attitude, and whatever I got to do, I'mma do it. Let's go week two, ha ha! Seen at the top tomorrow, okay? (Ra'Jah laughs) - [Judges] Ooh. - Let the blue ball begin! (upbeat guitar music) Category is, blue better work! A blue collar working girl look. First up, Ra'Jah O'Hara. Oh, you the project manager? - Uh huh, you on time? - [Ra'Jah] Mhm. You know she project manager coming through. I'm not here to do no construction, bitch, I'm here to make sure you ain't running up my time clock. Ha! - [RuPaul] Better not turn my lights off. (techno music) Category is blue ball bonanza. A high fashion look using random blue materials. - [RuPaul] First up Ra'Jah O'Hara. - [Judge] It's ribbed for her pleasure. - [RuPaul] Yes, it is. - [Ra'Jah] Blue ball bonanza, bitch! I'm serving you that futuristic, fantasy, edgy fish, serving you body-ody-ody, serving it like a hobby. What's up? - [RuPaul] Lady sings the blues. - [Michelle] That'll cost you extra. (RuPaul laughs) - Welcome, All Stars. Based on your several mini blue ball looks, I made some decisions. Ra'Jah O'Hara. Con-drag-ulations. You are the top All Star of the week. (upbeat music) (queens applauding and cheering) Ra'Jah O'Hara. Farm to runway, season 11. Here come the redo. - [Ross] Well, she's a Bush supporter. (judges laugh) - [Ra'Jah] She is made of real leaves. I'm giving you mother nature, the house down boots. - [Michelle] Queen La'Leafa. (judges laugh) - I'm really excited that I won that rock paper scissors because motherhood, as soon as I saw it as an option, just really stuck out to me. I love my moms so much. - 'Cause I love the fact that you have two moms that you are really close with. And that's something that I wish I really had with my mom. I'm uncomfortable talking about motherhood because I don't necessarily have the best relationship with my mother. It's still a work in progress. I don't really know what I'm gonna say, but mines may be a little bit more heartfelt, a little bit more emotional. - Honey, we need that for our talk show. - Yeah, let it out, girl. - I've always been the type to not really show my emotions because I didn't want my vulnerability to come off as weakness. And for me to actually open up is gonna be the challenge here. I've never really opened up about my mother to a lot of people, because right now our relationship is a work in progress. - [Judge] Okay. - Growing up, we were actually super close, but you know, I'm also from a conservative state. My mother is a pastor of a church and a lot of times I felt like me just being a flamboyant little boy was almost like an embarrassment to her. - That's... that's really hard to hear. - I remember I would literally wake up to my mother blessing me. - Oh my goodness. - Sometimes I was her baby, sometimes I was an absolute stranger. So, that's the type of relationship that we had. It was like very tumultuous, very up and down. Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love my mother. She raised me the best that she could. But I do find myself holding on to a lot of the hurt that I felt as a child. I find myself having conversations with her today as that same hurt little boy. - Can I tell you something? - Yeah. - Give me your hand. I had a lot of childhood trauma and stuff like that with my family. And someone said to me, "Don't let that hurt child make your grown-up decisions". And I will tell you this, it changed my whole perception of all this weight that I carried with me for many years. It helped me so much. - Girl, that spoke something into me. Girl, y'all ain't got no tissue, this a pink table-top. - [RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara. She reppin' Mozambique! - [Ra'Jah] If you didn't know, she's a black, proud, serving you all the flavor you need, baby. These and (indistinct) the house down. - [Ross] That's a wrap on Ra'Jah. - This verse is very inspiring. So I want you to almost imagine rapping this to a little Ra'Jah. - Okay. - Who probably needed to hear this. - This morning Ra'Jah. - This morning Ra'Jah, 10 years ago Ra'Jah. Let's try it. ♪ Wake up, wake up ♪ ♪ And I'm feeling a way ♪ ♪ Gotta shake that thing ♪ ♪ Here's what I say ♪ ♪ I'm good, I'm worthy ♪ ♪ I was born to be great ♪ - (man laughing) Work. ♪ Bet no self doubt get up in my way ♪ (queens cheering) - Perfect. ♪ Wake up, wake up ♪ ♪ And I'm feeling a way ♪ ♪ Gotta shake this thing ♪ ♪ Here's what I say ♪ ♪ I'm good, I'm worthy ♪ ♪ I was born to be great ♪ ♪ Don't let no self doubt get up in my way ♪ ♪ It's all right, you okay ♪ ♪ Don't stay in that place ♪ ♪ Feel your feelings ♪ ♪ Take your moment ♪ ♪ Then you throw it away ♪ ♪ Do what your grandmamma taught ya ♪ ♪ And let your light lead the way ♪ - [RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara. Bam. Bitch, please. (judge chuckles) - I'm serving the old nasty two piece on the runway. Skin feeling like butter, glowing like the sun. You said you need Goldilocks. Ha ha! Here she go, boo boo. - [RuPaul] Let's have a Waikiki. (judges chuckle) All right, Ra'Jah, come on over. Hello. - Hey. - I love this suit. - Oh, thank you so much. I see that you're sporting a white suit there. Who are you doing? - I am actually doing La Toya Jackson. - Oh my goodness. (Ra'Jah laughs) - I know, one of your favorite people, right? - I love La Toya. - I absolutely love her. - I've known her for 25 years. - Okay. I knew that they had a relationship, I didn't know that they had been cool for 25 years. So you know, when somebody doing your home girl, you like, bitch, you gonna do my girls some justice? Or no? I would say that I've studied her enough to know the voice sound. - Uh huh. - And of course her signature laugh. You know, you can't be La Toya without the laugh, the signature laugh. - I heard her once, they asked her what her favorite food was. She says, "Well, my favorite food is sushi. But at the same time, I don't like fish and I don't like rice." - Mhm, exactly, exactly. (RuPaul laughs) Exactly. (Ra'Jah laughs) - It's great. (RuPaul laughs) So anyway, yes. Finally on this program, we're gonna get a La Toya Jackson. You better be good, you better be funny. - I hope I can impress you. I hope I can do that. - All right. Thank you so much. - Thank you. Girl you better step your pussy up! Is this pressure? Is this pressure? I'm not putting that pressure on myself, girl, get outta here! Get outta here. - Welcome back to Snatch Game of Love. All right, up next, Grammy award-winning singer-songwriter, La Toya Jackson. - Ru! - Hi, La Toya. Do you do any dating, La Toya? - Well, nowadays I just sit at home with mother. - Oh, you do. - But, if anybody can find me exactly what I'm looking for, it's you. My gal pal. - That's right. - Our next hopeful romantic is originally from Belmont, North Carolina. Let's welcome Fortune Feimster! Yes! - Oh, oh, oh, yes! - All right, Fortune. Your romantic journey begins with your first question. - I'm a total fitness freak. Can't you tell? (RuPaul and audience laugh) So what kind of exercises could we do together? You know, to burn calories? (RuPaul laughs) - Well, I am a fitness expert, although I don't like to work out. (RuPaul and audience laugh) So, I have to say this little thing that my trainer showed me. You stick it around and you shake. (audience laugh) - All right, next question, snatchelorette number three. You and I are popping a bottle of Barefoot bubbly. - Ooh. - What are we celebrating? And what are you wearing? - We are celebrating our first date, silly! - [Audience] Aw. Cheers to you and me. And what am I wearing? A nice pantsuit. (all laugh) - [Fortune] Okay. Next question. Snatchelorette number three, I have 12 cats. It's really important to me that they like the person that I'm dating. What would you do to win them over? - Well, I am a cat lover, although I'm allergic. (all laugh) So, I would have to say catnip. I tried it once back in the day. You remember that, Ru? - Oh no, I don't actually. - I don't either. (all laugh) (techno music) - [RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara. - [Judge] This belongs in the gag-genheim. - [RuPaul] Yeah. - [Ra'Jah] She's dripping in candy-coated sparkle. I know it says I'm not gagging, but bitch, you gagging. - [RuPaul] I'm not gagging, you're gagging! (upbeat techno music) - This is gonna be cute. - I'm excited. - I am, too. - Today's maxi challenge is drag tots, where we get to create, design and embody a character with a backstory and magical powers. The fifth was in the world of the drag tots. This is one of those challenges that, yeah, it's fun, but this is kind of like everything all in one. - Mhm. - Yeah, in character, sewing. - And we know you can sew. - I can sew. The challenge here is just like really finding the character. Let us not forget, I did win the first design challenge. I'm just saying. But I haven't been in the top in a long time, and I ain't trying to have just one win. You can't just let that one win be your highlight. - Introducing Ra'Jah O'Hara as, I see you, queen! - [Judge] Yas, feed me with them hands. - Talk about hand-eye coordination. - [Ross] She identifies as bifocal. (RuPaul laughs) - [Ra'Jah] What up, though? My name is, "I see you, queen!". People call me a out-of-funk-ologist. My powers include changing the mood in the room, helping you find your groove. And when I'm really down in a funk, I can twerk my weight into another dimension. Woo, yay. - Work. - [Ra'Jah] I wanna teach you all how to harness the power of perspective. Change your perspective, baby! The easiest way to do that is to find your groove. - Amen. - [Ra'Jah] And if someone makes fun of you for being off-beat, you just tell 'em, "Baby, you can hear my song." Before I go, I have one more piece of advice. When in doubt, groove it out. Ha ha! And that is trademarked. (RuPaul laughs) - [Ra'Jah] I'll see you later! (RuPaul laughs) - [Michelle] Anyone got eyes on Ra'Jah? (judge laughs) (intense music) - Ra'Jah O'Hara. Con-drag-ulations, the top All Star of the week. (queens cheering) - Oh, you're gonna make my eyes cry. (queens laugh) - You've won a cash prize of $5,000. - This where the party is? Come all the way. - Yes, it is. - Aye! - That's right. You thirsty? - It ain't pride without a drink. (RuPaul laughs) - Aye. - Ooh, yes, girl. - Yes. - Dropped it low on fifth avenue. Oh, girl. Oh, yes. Gay by birth, fabulous by choice. (techno music) (queens cheering) - [Queen] Top four, top four. - What you say? What you say, say? Top four. (Ra'Jah sings "oh") my God. Ha ha, yes ma'am! It is finale week and I am so excited to be here. Like, excited! (Ra'Jah laughs) - [Michelle] Ra'Jah. - You're back and you're better than ever. - Oh my goodness. I'm back. I left here season 11, like really doubting myself, unsure of who I was as a queen. You know, the internet started telling me who I was and all of that. And I just had to drown out all the noise and say, "Bitch, remember how powerful you are just by being yourself." - Well, something definitely clicked because the looks you were presenting in season 11, versus what you're bringing now, you came like, correct this time. You know what I mean? - Thank you, that's what I wanted to do, is come correct. I'm actually proud of everything that I've shown this season. - And you have made them all. - Oh. Every single look that I brought, I've made a point to make sure it represents who I am. Make sure that it's fun. It has my spirit into it, and make sure that it looks damn good and that you can walk and sell it. Sell the hell out of it. (RuPaul and Michelle laugh) - Well, you've honed in on what your brand is. I know you've adopted purple as your signature color. - Yes, I have. My favorite color is actually magenta, which is a shade of purple, so. - See, that's a very La Toya answer by the way. My signature color is purple, but my favorite color is magenta. - There you go. - Very La Toya. - Ra'Jah, you've been a joy in this competition. I'm so proud of you. And I'm still mad at you for the way you can walk down this runway. (Michelle and Ra'Jah chuckle) You is a marble on the runway. - Oh, thank you. - Thanks. (RuPaul and Michelle laugh) Thank you, thank you, thank you. - Thank you, honey. - Good luck! - Thank y'all, love y'all. (car engine sputtering) - [Tammy] Hey, Ru. - [RuPaul] Yeah? - [Tammy] You mind if I turn on the radio? (RuPaul chuckles) That's the best idea I've heard all day, Tammy. ♪ Queen on the scene ♪ ♪ I'mma use my voice ♪ ♪ Gotta stand where my people don't have a choice ♪ ♪ Can't breathe, don't shoot ♪ ♪ Wanna kill my brain ♪ ♪ Nothing good on the news ♪ ♪ This world insane ♪ ♪ Pretty, we could just come together ♪ ♪ Stand in line but really shine together ♪ ♪ (indistinct) ♪ ♪ Our color stand true in the USA ♪ ♪ I can tell this town is big enough ♪ ♪ For the both of us ♪ - [RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara. - [Judge] Did someone say mahogany? - [Judge] She's giving me aubergine. Well, an eggplant actually. - [RuPaul] Well, you know, purple is the color of royalty. - Now y'all know I'm the purple queen, so it wouldn't be right if I didn't finish this decked out in purple. Oh, and a nasty leg out. 'Cause Ra'Jah keeps it funky, honey. Have you seen this walk? Ha ha! You better know it. Pushing full steam ahead, bitch. - [Judge] You mean this whole season, she had legs? (judges laugh) - You know, Joan Rivers had a saying, "At dinner, hold on to your fork because dessert is coming". And you waited around for dessert, and you got it. Do you feel that? - I really do. I started this competition a couple of years ago as a rock with a hard exterior. They say that diamonds are built under pressure, this competition was the pressure for me. And when I left here the first time, I felt a little bit defeated, but that was the change happening. I walked in these doors as a gem, but I wasn't as shiny as I feel like I am right now. Today, I feel absolutely exposed. I feel absolutely brilliant. And I have to thank each and every one of you guys personally, for helping me reach my journey. I feel like it's really important to continue a path of showing the younger generation that you don't have to be perfect. That you can live in your truth and shake away the negativity. You can dance to your own groove and hopefully the world will hear your song. And today I hope the song is congratulations. - Thank you. well i will apologize that you feel some type of way i would even apologize for even having i don't think that's an apology no that isn't that's not what you don't apologize for because someone's feeling some kind of way you said some hurt can i finish what i was saying absolutely because you can direct it this way when you're done with evie now raven you were the bottom two twice and you ended up number two how did you pull that off i knew when i was up like i knew when i did a bad job and i owned up to it my chicken was the most horrible chicken in the world welcome to another see your chicken was funky really funky girl i was so focused on having like a southern accent so then i see that jessica was doing a chicken voice i'm like i'm such an airhead why wouldn't i do a chicken voice you were not shy during the competition and you were liberal in speaking your mind let's take a look nicole's gone praise the lord she has acrylic toenails with white french tips [Music] tatiana is an airhead all she's been doing the past couple weeks is this tatiana is about face value so you tatiana wow let me put it out there real quick tatiana how do you feel about hearing all that um i think my feelings are easily explained uh you're jealous you're insecure no one that feels that great about themselves has to put others down the way that you do i have had very negative feelings towards you since the end of that show now i know that i said but really though how do you say something like what you said to people like nicole i think nicole genuinely thought she made a friend we were not talking about nicole and i right now we're talking about you okay well then let me get back to it okay but i mean that is the fact i really did think i found a friend and i was gagged by that until the point okay i'm not done talking it you will speak when i'm done oh honey girl security she has gotten everything that she wanted to say out about me okay it's my turn and i never said anything hurtful about you i said that you run your mouth because you do but i didn't like i didn't go for oh she's fat oh she's an airhead she's dumb she's nothing they're living for someone that's nothing when my opinion was asked for is when i gave it we are making a tv show so don't act like we were filming an episode of seventh heaven i didn't say that it's a drag competition but they were all smiling on my face at one point i never smelled in your face and i never hung out with you so you can sit there and say that we were cool and we hung out we never did every one of you even morgan can say you're a i don't care that's evident it's very evident that's the problem honey that is your problem your personality you are the one that is face value your outside is gorgeous raven but your insides are dark and nasty and i don't like you you were pretty yourself so there i wasn't that bad i was not like you i wasn't like you let's be clear okay about i'm sorry at the point in time they deserved it so far and i was mad so for me i didn't deserve what you said about me you know i didn't deserve it your body or whatever else so you going oh i pity you for the face you have that's not the same thing there's a difference i'm sorry but there's a blatant obvious difference if it hurts your feelings okay then i am sorry that it hurt your feelings i am not sorry for saying it okay okay now raja you came under a lot of criticism because you could be seen as harsh with your backstage speak it was like watching a sports event you know no one wants to go to the soccer game and like hope that the two teams love each other oh my god i hope he gives the ball to that guy oh my god i hope he makes the goal nobody does that there's a battle that happens reading is fundamental and i think it's definitely part of drag culture and it's fun and it's our way of like you know straight guys come up to each other and they punch each other on their shoulder that's what we're doing to me i think it's a way of sharpening your wit and getting quicker and thinking quicker and you have to be on your game and it's like practicing before a baseball game you have to throw that ball hard and you have to do it quick and you have to catch it hard and throw it right back chancellor do you agree with some of the things that i saw throughout the season um just they they didn't sit well with me and i hate to keep even giving it attention but this whole heathers boogers thing that's ridiculous but if you want to put someone down to build yourself up then you know that's what you have to do for yourself i mean if this is the face of booger i think it's sickening so ta-da hell minus the lawsuits and the prostitutes and the drugs and the tiger blood i'm the charlie sheen of drag duh winning alexis did you feel put down by being called a movie no i think it was stupid as hell it was hilarious to listen to a person believing on that to make herself feel better honestly because i i heard it like three times today you guys are saying oh well we're we're calling you boogers so that we can feel better about ourselves i don't think that's what it was at all but why did you go out there because it's not shady it's funny it's just to you but if you take it that personal that's your insecurity no baby it's not insecurity it's clocking it how it is let's get it real if you want to bring it let's do it who else didn't think that heather's versus boogers was funny or tongue-in-cheek when i first started drag i was a booger down you know i was a booger for years explain what that is well booger is just a term that in drag of just being like a busted like unpolished mess when you call us boogers you're calling us not polish a mess a beginner i think what's happening here is that people are taking everything so damn literal it wasn't a reference point of you look physically like a booger it was a state of mind and the fact was that we're grown men we know our names aren't heather even though they're right here on our necks we know that that's not the case and we kept doing it over and over because it was the audacity of that right the audacity that this farty mexican man up here in a blonde wig is really heather why did you call this particular group of girls boogers because it's extreme it's funny it's exaggerated as much of what drag is and it's not that we were being you know literal and we're not really putting you down it was just like at some point the whole idea of heathers and boogers just kind of dissipated for me and heather's just meant my three little friends that i felt safe around who would you consider the queen of the boogers personally i had my most biggest frustrations with angela so in my mind i think it would be angela because that was my like nemesis my nemesis at the time now stacy when i asked he was offended by the word booger you raised your hand what's going on just listening to the comments i just felt like it was a little bit different than what i saw in person because i felt this nice kind people in front of me and to watch the behind the scenes and to see what people really thought about me it was very difficult for me and it took a toll on me what specifically i want to know what specifically who else invited you the most raja basically you know just saying that i shouldn't be here anyway i shouldn't be here at all the whole bullfrogs thing it bothered me so much looking at the episodes i'm like some of the things i said were quite harsh you know and i was just kind of blurting them out and just being a badass about it but i don't think i really meant it to hurt anyone's feelings the heathers and the boogers thing was all meant to be fun and light and it still should be sort of that but it really shouldn't be taken literal and if i could actually just sort of just squash it not really perpetuate it any further i mean i feel like stacy was probably the most vulnerable out of the group and apparently the things that were said have really hurt her and if i could just sort of reach out to you and i don't know if it means anything to you at all but i would like to present you with my heather's necklace which really means a lot to me i just wanna i want you to have this so yeah i'm a heather that's very nice that's very nice i tell you what from this moment on there will be no more heathers there will be no more boogers we will all be referred to as huggers [Laughter] the next question is from trixie mattel good evening distinguished panel of judges hi rue i'm trixie mattel and i have a question from trixie mattel for acid betty the question is in untucked did you or did you not come for me i will take my answer after the show in the parking lot where you'll be selling your t-shirts um if i was coming for you i would burn your wigs and you'd be fully aware darling you know and you still haven't fixed that nose contour [Applause] bye see you in the parking lot next the shocking elimination to end all shocking eliminations valentina bring me my mask stop hold up hold up all right enough [Music] valentina this is lip sync for your life we need to see your lips take that thing off of your mouth i'd like to keep it on please it's a lip sync what part of that do you not understand [Music] okay [Music] so we're gonna reset valentino what was going through your mind at that moment i i don't know i was just i wasn't there yeah i was in a real state of shock the the one thing i will say about valentino with her elimination at least you didn't make excuses like charlie and you at least owned up to knowing your words and you went home and you deserve to go home did you ever learn the lyrics at all yeah the night before i didn't have the lyrics with me so i stayed up listening to the song and writing them i hand written wrote them what it's a seven word chorus seven words in that chorus girl you can literally just listen to the song and just like get the syllable i'm sorry and there is a moment in untucked where you and nina are sitting there together you guys both have one earbud in she's mouthing the words you're just straight chilling you know i just want to say shay because i know valentina has a lot of voracious supporters out there and i want to make it clear to all of them that i saw your notebook with the words written out and i just want to make sure everybody knows that the girl tried i know you're trying to get your redemption from her fans girl but let's be real nina you received a lot of backlash from this too didn't you because you lip-synced against her i really don't get why there was so much hate towards me for doing my for doing what was asked to me listening for my life valentino why do you think your fans came for the girls so strongly my following is it's very underrepresented in the media i i represent something similar to what selena represented in the 90s um chicano mexican first generation talented so they're overprotective of that and they'll fight anybody i don't agree with that kind of behavior because it's not the kind of person i am why didn't you say that on the media yeah because you know why you're the wrong model i don't approve that and i hope you guys know that but you never told them i called you i facetimed you in tears because of people telling me i should go kill myself because i'm so ugly and so fat and i should have volunteered to eliminate myself over your elimination i don't think that she encourages that but you could have said i do not agree with the way you guys are treating this girl please stop i'm really bad with social media i kind of just love to live my everyday life and i don't really like to be involved in what people think or what people are saying girl you could say that you're not on social media but when we were in montreal you were on that phone checking every like every follow every single thing whether you were reading the comments verbatim or not you knew what was going on and also when we were shooting the promo for this show you said to me you go shay i just want to say if anyone comes for nina i told her that i will stand up for her i will address my fans and i will make it all right and i'm confused you don't need to be confused and you have lots of opinions of me tonight shay there's no reason to get upset with me we're just talking no you're the one that's upset i'm not upset do i look upset to you yeah you you've raised your voice with me now the moment we've all been waiting for which one of these have the fans voted miss congeniality well last year's winner cynthia lee fontaine please step forward [Applause] cynthia do you have any parting words to all the fans of rupaul drag race it was a great and amazing experience thank you for your love and support now i have verified these results and i can promise you that this election was not hacked by the russians the winner of miss congeniality season nine is i'm so nervous valentina [Music] congratulations you've won 5 000 courtesy of logo i dedicate this prize to my mother she taught me to always be kind and forgiving so thank you to her without her i wouldn't even be congenial what wait wait wait wait no no no congenial i don't want to be the one but i'm going to be the one i just don't feel like you should be miss congeniality do you have anything to say to respond to aja's claim i've been kind to every single one of you and i'll continue to be kind towards success can i say something sure go ahead everyone else is can i well i finally want to say something valentina we literally did everything together this whole show we were such close friends and you literally have not spoken to me in almost five months and i really miss my friend and it really hurts my feelings that you have not spoken to me i respect you and love you um you don't love me i was a real friend to you you would not have just dropped me you if you want a friendship text me call me let's talk about it i've texted you you ignore my text i've responded you finally responded to me when you got eliminated and i texted you and said are you okay and you said yes okay let's talk about it i would really love to but it seems like you don't have any time or any really any any desire like you are clearly not focused on anybody but yourself and fan favorite yeah great like you have a lot of fans your fans love you but is it fan favorite or is it congeniality if it's fan favorite then i guess she deserves it right we should call it fan favorite but congeniality i just don't see it yeah fan favorite congratulations everyone let's make a round of applause for fan favorite work fan favorite favorite [Applause] next the queen who put the t in salty ciao raja o'hara take a look if you have enough balls to tell rue then tell something to her goddamn face i'm not liking that energy at all put that on nice girl you better put your own self on eyes you better focus on this goddamn challenge oh i'm focused boo your makeup says otherwise oh girl an ugly girl can never come for a pretty girl no it's the ugly like you crawling out of the swamp to come for me and girl i'm over it but when are you going to apply that to the challenges because that's what's going to keep you out of the bottom now i will tell you this don't try me right now that's not trying your girl that's being honest that's the teacher girl you better take that tone back down how dare you you first and foremost are not ticking at all you are literally wearing trash i'm not gagging i mean i'm gagging it from like the smell it's like do you bathe [Music] ladies i have a final question who should go home tonight raja if it were my choice i would send scarlet a lot of time when i was losing my way well well i won't blame her for some of the mistakes that i made but scarlet scarlett who should go home tonight i guess raj has been in the bottom [Music] a lot but she was on the same bottom with me that first go round yeah well i'm first time i just i don't i can't take it personally no because i am taking it personally because well you threw me under the bus well they asked me a question it's not like i'm mad at you that's just like you're very mad at me you were not shy in those interviews you were not afraid to let those girls have it early on you had some opinions about evie's opinions do you stand by those opinions well i will say that in the moment that's just what you know that's what i was thinking that's what i said i said what i see but you know i felt like that was just like light reads it wasn't anything like i disagree with you girl okay i'm sorry i love you but the fact that i came to you and was talking about actions or things that were happening in the room and i said it all to your face and it was so painful to have to go back home and watch you call me ugly watch you call me smelly what you call me like worthless essentially because i told you you need to focus like i'm sorry i just don't think that was the right response in the moment well i will apologize that you feel some type of way i would even apologize for even having i don't think that's an apology no that isn't that's not what you don't apologize because someone's feeling some kind of way you said some hurt can i finish what i was saying absolutely because you can direct it this way when you're done with evie i will apologize it was definitely not my intentions to drag you through the mud you know but like i said i was feeling some type of way and i went to the elementary school level with my reads how did it feel watching yourself uh on television doing that it was actually eye-opening getting an opportunity to watch myself on tv eye-opening how well because i don't necessarily see myself as like maliciously mean i don't go out of my way to be like in your face you know i hate you you but you know you saw what you saw what did you think well that's why i'm saying it was eye-opening to see myself being that way and i feel like the competition wore me all the way out when i came in i felt like i was a capital t baby i left feeling like a lower case s would you do it differently what i would do differently is not focus so much of my energy on the girls because what i was hearing was a lot of positive feedback for the other girls and i was like i wasn't getting that it was very much i don't see you where are you where are you here you're invisible you're un memorable so that like kept playing in my head you're unmemorable like we want more and i was thinking more was i need to go pull some more drag up out the closet but i forgot that i was supposed to be pulling it up out of myself as opposed to just being having my guard up. - They brought us to this old hotel in the middle of a sketchy area, and I'm like, what are they gonna do? (eerie music) - Ladies, for this week's main challenge, it's here that you will scavenge among the ruins to put together a fabulous outfit that screams post-apocalyptic couture. Now you can use your own wigs, undergarments, and shoes, but the rest has to be looted. Only three things will survive the Ru-pocalypse. Cockroaches, Cher. - Amen! (queens laughing) - And drag queen zombies! (zombies groaning) (intense music) - The zombies were scary as hell. They got like, guts comin' out and eyes poppin' out. I'm like mm, mm, mm, no ma'am. - When I saw the zombies comin' after me, I was about to hit it. - All right, you've got three minutes to grab what you can, and avoid being eaten alive. (RuPaul yelping) (zombies groaning) (intense music) - Give it, bitch. So I'm running around in between these zombies, and I realize that they're former competitors from competitions past. Shannel, Venus, Morgan McMichaels, Delta Work. - I got to see Akashia, Raven, Pandora Boxx, Ongina. (zombies growling) - Drop it, bitch! Mine. - Thank you for that. La la la la. Bitch, is you crazy? I'm from New York, mother (bleep). - Oh a corset, corset. (zombies growling) I'm looking for anything sparkly, anything structured, anything that I can glue onto a costume that I create. And then, after that, I just start grabbing everything. (Milan screaming) - Black people don't stand there while zombies are coming at them. They run, bitch! (intense music) (zombies growling) (queens yelping) (metal clattering) - [Shangela] Ah, halleloo, halleloo! Ah, halleloo! Ah, halleloo! - [RuPaul] LaShauwn Beyond. - Oh. - Okay. LaShauwn be hot! - Yes ma'am, she's got the whole world on her head? - [Michelle] I thought a giant chicken laid an egg up there. - [LaShauwn] I live for what I put down the runway. I had the world on my head in my post-apocalocic couture costume. It was sickening. - [RuPaul] Now, I wonder if she can get cable TV with that on her head. Chad Michaels. - Okay. - Ooh, how sheik. She could walk a mile for a camel toe. - [Michelle] Real fish caught in a neck. - [Chad] I'm a perfectionist. It's something I pride myself on. I'm feeling very confident. I love what I'm wearing. Very post-apocalyptic diva, and I'm feeling really, really good. - [RuPaul] Very Lawrence of my Labia. (judges laughing) Up next, The Princess. (Michelle gasps) - Wow. - [Michelle] Wow, clown slippers. Looks like a life jacket. - [RuPaul] Yes, queen overboard. - [The Princess] I'm giving the judges "Waterworld" couture. I feel like they're really living for what I'm serving. They love it. - [RuPaul] In case of emergency, your scarf can be used as a flotation device. Kenya Michaels. - Ooh. - Oh. She's a phoenix rising from the ashes. - That's right. - That's it. - [RuPaul] Firebird. ♪ All the boys say ♪ ♪ She's so bloody tall ♪ - [RuPaul] Walk that walk. - [Kenya] I feel amazing. I'm feel on fire, I'm fuego. That moment, I remember for all my life. - [RuPaul] Cock-a-doodle-do. Little Kim in the house. - [Judge] Something's sprouting back there. - [Michelle] Her garden is in full bloom. ♪ Shantay panther on the runway ♪ - [RuPaul] Latrice Royale. - [Santino] Yes she is. - [Judge] Oh it's Latrice from Whoville. - [RuPaul] Yes, mama. - [Latrice] I'm Latrice, so of course I stomped it on out, and I'm giving big girl sexy, showing off my curves and swerves, and give a little face, give a little attitude and a lotta ass. - [RuPaul] Yes. Serve, honey. - Mm-hmm. - [RuPaul] A queen for all seasons, Alisa Summers. She's got goggles up there. - [Michelle] Apparently she's going skiing. - [Elvira] Boy, I hate when drag queens have bigger boobs than me. - [RuPaul] I'll say, the hills are alive. - [Alisa] I'm giving them sexy, I'm giving them dominatrix, and I'm on top of the world. There's no feeling like that, ever. - [Santino] She's an all terrain vehicle. - [Michelle] She's ATV Summers. All terrain va-jay-jay. - [RuPaul] That's right. (judges laugh) Paris, London, Tokyo, Milan. - Uh-huh. - Ah. - [Michelle] This is an infected Betsey Johnson, right? - [RuPaul] Yes, it is. - [Judge] Love is a battlefield. - [Milan] I'm serving the judges savage beauty. I'm feeling ferocious. I'm ready to attack. - [RuPaul] Milan is burning. Now, let this be a lesson to all of us, don't smoke in bed. (judges laugh) Next up, Jiggly Caliente. Oh! - [Michelle] Look, she's got a leg up on the other girls. - [RuPaul] Yeah, she does. Apparently, hoarding is the new black. (judges laugh) - [Jiggly] I'm hitting the runway, and my adrenaline is on fire. Everything is pulsating through me, and I'm like oh, here we go, bitch! I'mma show you plus size supermodel. - [RuPaul] She's one hot potato. - [Judge] And she seals in her natural juices. (judges laughing) - [RuPaul] Dida Ritz. - [Santino] Work. - [RuPaul] Yes, chocolate Barbie doll! - [Judge] Legs for days. - [Dida] I'm doin' my runway, it's sickening. I am definitely channeling Naomi. I am channeling Gisele. I'm feeling it. - [RuPaul] You know, everything tastes better when it sits on a Dida Ritz. - [Michelle] With thighs like that? - [Santino] You better ass somebody. - [RuPaul] Crack is wack. ♪ Do it, do it, oh ♪ ♪ All the girls say ♪ - [RuPaul] Oh, Madame LaQueer. - [Elvira] Like my leftovers last night. - [RuPaul] Give her an inch, she'll take a foot. - [Michelle] Take that, Betty Rubble. - [Madame] I'm serving attitude, and I feel so great, like I have never felt before in my life. - [Michelle] The entree of the evening, filet of sole, mm! - [RuPaul] Goes great with some toe jam. - Mm. - Ew! (dramatic music) (RuPaul laughs) (chimes tinkling) (upbeat music) ♪ Covergirl put the bass in your walk ♪ ♪ Head to toe ♪ ♪ Let your whole body talk ♪ ♪ And what ♪ (judges clapping) - [RuPaul] Elvira, mistress of the dark. Back from the dead, and looking gorgeous. - Thank you, Ru. - This week, we challenged our queens to create unforgettable drag super foes. Tonight, they're ready to transform before our very eyes. Gentlemens, start your engines, and may the best womens win! ♪ Sexy, sexy drag queen ♪ - [Chad] My name is Chadissa Michaels. - Ooh. - Gorgeous. - [Michelle] Lady in red. - [Chad] I'm from Little Cooch, Arkansas. While working at the Sugar Walls Clinic, a chemical contaminant infused me with super tightening powers of vaginal rejuvenation. - Ooh! - Oh! - [Santino] Work that dress, mama. - [Chad] By day, I'm an esthetician, but at night, I transform into Fire Crotch! - [Michelle] Wow. - [RuPaul] She's a torch slinger. - [Chad] My mission is to keep the sugar walls of the world tight, and right. - Yes! - Ooh! (judges gasping) - [Chad] My super powers are flying, coochie lifting lasers, and hot Brazilian waxes. - [RuPaul] Call FEMA, 'cause her cooch is on fire. - [Michelle] They won't show up. (RuPaul laughs) - [Chad] To activate my super powers, I say "Don't hesitate, vaginal rejuvenate!" - [RuPaul] What a flamer. - [Shannel] My name is Shannel Seuss. I grew up in Nipple Junction, Tennessee. While working at a hospital lab, radiation infused my brain with magnetic lactation abilities. - Black Widow. - Kiss of the Spider-Woman. - [Shannel] By day, I'm a mammographer, but at night, I transform into Lactasia! - [RuPaul] Oh yes. - [Santino] Pure evil. - [Shannel] My master plan is to douse the Fire Crotch's mission. My powers are supersonic speed, and death rays from my breasts. - Oh, it's gettin' a little nippy in here, isn't it? - [RuPaul] Yes it is. - [Shannel] I activate my evil powers by saying, "Areolas activate, hard nipples lactate!" (judges groaning) - [Michelle] Tweak it. (Shannel laughs) - [Jujubee] My name is Jujubee. I'm from the planet Solaris. - [RuPaul] Miss Laos in the house. - [Jujubee] A solar eclipse shot Solaris to Earth, causing me to become a bronze goddess. - [Michelle] Bronze beauty! - [RuPaul] Glam-o-rama! - [Jujubee] By day, I'm a beauty consultant, but at night, I transform into Melanina. - [Michelle] Oh, I love the hair dryer. - [RuPaul] Yes! - [Jujubee] My super powers are the magical TS gun, tanning spray. To activate my super powers, I say, "No tea, no shade." - [RuPaul] She blinded me with science! - [Santino] That's her sun gun. - [Michelle] And those are her sun buns. - [Jujubee] My mission is to bring a bronze glow to every human being. Fierce, solid color. - [RuPaul] Ginger snap. - [Raven] My name is Raven. I grew up on the Planet Solaris. - [Santino] Ooh, hoochie! - [Raven] One day, my planet shot to the Earth during a solar eclipse, causing me to lose all pigment in my skin. - [RuPaul] Taylor Dayne in the house. - [Santino] Tell it to my heart. - [RuPaul] "Tell it to My Heart" only told half the story. - [Michelle] Her ass tells the rest. - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Raven] By day, I'm a fashion photographer, but at night I transform into Sofia Fierce. - [RuPaul] Oh, wow. Something wicked this way comes. - [Raven] My master plan is to dominate the world by throwing shade from the cuffs on my wrist. - [Michelle] Power cuffs. - [RuPaul] Yes, the cuffs of doom. - [Raven] I activate my evil powers by saying, "Throw me shade, bitch." - [Santino] Ooh. - [Michelle] She's got some haunted hills, right behind her. - [RuPaul] Uh-huh. - [Raven] This is a battle of good versus evil, and I'm going to win. - [RuPaul] Wow! Tonight, they're ready to murder the runway in their Death Becomes Her ensembles. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman, win! ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ - [RuPaul] Katya. - [Michelle] Something seems really fishy here. - [RuPaul] I think we're gonna need a bigger boat. - [Katya] I'm summoning up my best Tara Reid in "Sharknado." I've got the stringy blonde hair, and I'm feeling the Shark Week fantasy. - [Merle] They both have fabulous mouths, don't you think? - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Michelle] And they both unhinge at the jaw. - [RuPaul] Ginger Minj. Looks like she suffered a grizzly death. - [Ginger] I am serving you baby bear realness, honey. I give a little spin, I strike a little pose, I give a little growl. - [Michelle] Somebody's got their claws done. - [RuPaul] She's bringing bear back. - [Ross] You go, growl! - [RuPaul] LaGuardia, Newark, Kennedy Davenport. Kennedy fried chicken. - [Michelle] Is she a chicken or a horse? - [Merle] Giddy up, girl. - [Kennedy] After a night of hooking, I got attacked and thrown in a fire, and crystallized. So, I come out a fierce, glamazon drag queen, honey. - [RuPaul] A morality tale, do not go to Tijuana for your plastic surgery. - [Michelle] No. - [RuPaul] Max. - Oh. - Pretty. - [Merle] The ghost of drag present. - [Max] I'm doing a jilted lover. She's stuck in purgatory as a ghost, because she committed suicide by cutting out her own heart, and it's very tragic. - [RuPaul] You know, a little club soda will take that right out. - [Ross] Now that's a heart-stopping look. - [RuPaul] Organ donor realness. Kandy Ho. Queen of the damned. - [Michelle] I vant to smell your veave. - [Kandy] I am feeling fierce right now. I'm just a sexy vampire. - [RuPaul] I think she was fang-banged to death. - [Michelle] If she's lucky. - [Merle] Kristen Stewart is eating her heart out. - [RuPaul] Miss Fame. Wonder what's running through her head right now. - [Ariana] Living. - [Miss Fame] I've been captured by the bride of the man that I've been having an affair with, and bitch got me with a blade through the skull. - [Ross] She's got a splitting headache. - [RuPaul] The last time I'll eat at Benihana. Jaidynn Diore Fierce. - [Michelle] Orange is the new drag. - [Merle] I think she's looking really ripped. - [Jaidynn] What had happened was I got put in jail, and then I tried to escape to go see my baby daddy, and I didn't quite make it over that fence. - [Ross] It is criminal to look that good. - [Michelle] Uh-huh. - [RuPaul] She rises from the dead once a month to meet her parole officer. Violet Chachki. (RuPaul gasps) - Oh my god. ♪ Fly, fly, fly ♪ ♪ Oh oh, oh oh oh ♪ - [Violet] I'm numb from the waist down, tuck included. I really could die, bitch. I'm giving you realness. - [Michelle] She's got a smaller waist than Barbie. - [Ross] Oh, don't sneeze, honey. It's all gonna pop. - [Ariana] Amazing, work! ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ - This week, we challenged our queens to conjure up their evil twins. And on the runway, category is Double Trouble. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman, win! (upbeat music) First up, Kameron Michaels. You know what they say, if you stay yeti, you ain't got to get yeti. (judges laugh) - [Kameron] I am Kameron Michaels, and I am a fierce, fabulous muscle queen. My drag is all about beautiful makeup, beautiful garments, and the moves to back them up. My style is influenced by video game and cinema heroes, and the villains. Even though my evil twin is always out to get me, when the stage lights up, so do I. And the light always overtakes the darkness. ♪ Spotlight, spotlight ♪ - [Kameron] I'm Kameron Michaels' evil twin, Katrina Michaels. - [RuPaul] Beast! (Michelle laughs) - [Kameron] Kameron Michaels thinks she's so pretty, but come on, she's really two-faced, and both of them are busted and ugly. If Kameron Michaels expects to become America's next drag superstar, she better wake up and smell the poppers, because face it, when people hear Kameron Michaels, they think dude in a dress. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Eureka. - [Eureka] I'm Eureka, and I am a be yourself to free yourself kind of queen. I like family time, laughing, and all you can eat buffets. I'm the life of the party! My drag is all about representing the plus size community with strength, confidence, and beauty. Growing up was hard for me, but I've always fought through difficulties in life with a smile. And I just wanna teach others how to do the same. ♪ Spotlight, spotlight ♪ - [Eureka] I'm Eureka's evil twin, Eufilthior. Eureka thinks she's beautiful and funny, but come on, she's really a disgusting fat whale that only makes jokes about food and her size. Face it, when people hear Eureka, they think, "Oh my god, she's gonna "dominate the conversation, and simply annoy everyone "with her desperate need for acceptance." Hey Eureka, you come from nothing, and you ain't never gonna be nothin'. Apply for disability and food stamps and give up already. - [RuPaul] What a filthy whore. (judges laugh) Miz Cracker. - [Miz Cracker] I'm Miz Cracker, and I'm the queen of comedy. I like the beats at the bar, the boys on the block, and a nice, big, uncut lacefront. My style is influenced by everything from sci-fi flicks to the Paris runways. She's so worldly. When people hear Miz Cracker, they think, "Hey, she's smart, "but not so smart that she can't be funny. "She's just one of the guys, I mean gals!" (Miz Cracker laughs) Could a guy do this? I'm Miz Cracker's evil twin, Miz Crumbs. Miz Cracker thinks she's a comedy Barbie, but come on! She's more like a Bratz doll, and her so-called comedy is just a few puns that she stole from Bob the Drag Queen. Because face it, when people talk about Miz Cracker, they say she's a copycat who faked her way to the middle. As Miz Cracker's inner saboteur, I have one thing to say, she betta work on blending that jawline, I mean, come on! - [RuPaul] Ladies and gentlemen, Boniva. (judges laugh) Aquaria. - [Carson] She gave her left arm for that top. - [Michelle] She did. - [Aquaria] I'm Aquaria, and I am a superstar club queen. I am the most wonderful and perfected version of myself. My drag is all about expanding people's perceptions of beauty, style, and gender. My style is influenced by the runways of Paris and Milan, mixed with the gagworthiness of being a club kid spectacle. I always remember to shower myself in positive self-love, and praise because if not, my evil twin will have an opportunity to unleash her wrath! (thunder booms) I'm Aquaria's evil twin, Sabatina. Aquaria thinks she's perfect, she's beautiful, she looks like Linda, oh gross. Face it, when people hear Aquaria, they think of what a lonely, awkward, and isolated diva she is. I think she's starting to crack, and my destructive power is growing and growing! As Aquaria's inner saboteur, I have one thing to say. Kill the bitch. (Aquaria laughs) - [Lena] I knew Joan Crawford was scary, but. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Asia O'Hara. - [Asia] I'm Asia O'Hara, and I like prancin' down this runway, blowin' kisses at these judges, and you know, makin' all the girls tremble backstage. My drag is all about being a fierce queen with an open heart, and open mind, and the strength to be a true leader. My style is influenced by America's dire need for a high glam drag superhero that is aware of her community. When people see me, they expect a high energy atmosphere, a dazzling evening of magic, and the most beautiful costumes you have ever seen in your life, honey. (thunder booms) I am Asia O'Hara's evil twin, North Korea. Asia thinks she's the first bitch that has the money to go buy herself some teeth, but come on, she's really just a middle aged man living in a 21 year old's fantasy, covered in a layer of cheap rhinestones. If Asia O'Hara expects to be America's next drag superstar, she better drop the smiles and glitter crap, and start being the self-indulged, pot-belly ho that everybody knows that she is. As Asia's inner saboteur, I have one thing to say. Sit your old, stank booty, washed up pageant ass down. This is clearly Miz Cracker's season. - [RuPaul] I can see her demilitarized zone. (Lena laughs) Category is, Witch Please! First up, A'Keria C. Davenport. - [Michelle] Edgar Allen Ho. (Ross laughs) - [A'Keria] Baby, I'm tryin' to give you all Charlize Theron in "Snow White and the Huntsman." I'm that witch that you kinda wanna be with her, 'cause you want a piece, but you know she's deadly. - [Ross] Oh, she really went out on a limb with that bird. - [RuPaul] It's nice to see her branching out. (judges laugh) Vanessa Vanjie Mateo. - [Elvira] Well, this really proves that black is the new black. (RuPaul chuckles) - [Vanessa] I know they're liking this interpretation, 'cause I didn't do the regular degular Party City style witch. I'm takin' it to a high couture runway with a fascinator for the subtle tease. This witch is rich, bitch. - [RuPaul] Witch better have my money. (judges laugh) Plastique Tiara. - [Ross] Malificent-sational! - [Cara] Angelina, eat your heart out. - [Plastique] I'm Malificent's Asian sister. I'm cinched for the gods. I'm giving them face for days. I am feeling my full Malificent glamor. - [RuPaul] Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the fiercest witch of all? Scarlet Envy. - [Michelle] Somebody likes to roll around in the hay. (judges laugh) Hey, hey! - [Scarlet] My concept is a Fire Island witch. She is beachy, she's kind of swampy, and she is giving you pants on the runway and feeling magical. - [RuPaul] Welcome to "RuPaul's Hag Race." (judges laugh) Nina West. Well hello, pilgrim. (judges laugh) - Yes! - [Nina] My look is inspired by a good old-fashioned Salem witch, with flames coming up the dress as if I'm being burned at the stake. I am serving old school witch, like literally, from like, 1510. - [Elvira] Somebody call the fire brigade! - [RuPaul] Paging Arthur Miller. (Elvira laughs) - [Michelle] Abigail! - [RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara. This outfit inspires oohs and Oz. (judges laugh) - [Ra'Jah] I'm serving you witch please, straight outta Oz. Head to toe emerald green, with purple accented hair. (bleep) it looks good on me. - [Elvira] Why, it's a regular emerald titty, city! (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Shuga Cain. - [Elvira] She's been framed! - [RuPaul] That kinda makes me want a Bloody Mary. - [Shuga] I am Bloody Mary, urban legend, spooky queen. Snatchin' up all the kids from the mirror, honey. I am giving you latex dripping blood, tattered Victorian lace dress, and my teeth are all nasty and rotted out. I'm living for this look. - [RuPaul] Hey Shuga Cain, how's your head? - [Michelle] Say it, Elvira, say it. - Haven't had any complaints yet! - There we go! - [RuPaul] Brooke Lynn Hytes. - She is totally two-faced. - Totally. - [Ross] My eyes are up here, and here. (RuPaul laughs) - [Brooke] This look is inspired by the Enchantress from "Suicide Squad," and oddly enough, the Enchantress from "Suicide Squad," Cara Delevingne, is our guest judge this week. It's amazing. I'm really hoping she gets the reference. - [Cara] Oh, skull and bone me. - [Elvira] Hey wait a minute, isn't that my opening costume? (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Ariel Versace. - [Cara] Bella Hadid, someone stole your glasses. (RuPaul laughs) - [Ariel] I am in my witch please. I'm giving you a little bit of Meryl Streep from "Into the Woods," Miley Cyrus from "Can't Be Tamed." Avant garde, very posh. It's Ariel, witch. - [RuPaul] Y'all, have you ever seen "The Witches of Beastwick?" (judges laugh) Yvie Oddly. Coven girl, put the bass in your walk. (judges laugh) - [Yvie] For this look, I wanted to make sure that I'm clearly reading as witch, but with a fashion twist. All the other witches in her coven were jealous, so they put this curse on her, but it's not gonna stop her from having a good time. - [Cara] Who said women can't reverse? (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Silky Nutmeg Ganache. Nobody beats the Wiz. (Michelle laughs) - [Silky] I am doing an homage to Black cinema, "The Wiz," as Evillene, the wicked witch of the west. Don't you bring Miss Evillene no bad news. - [RuPaul] Ease on down the runway, girl. - [Michelle] Yes! - [RuPaul] Say hi to Gayle for me. (judges laugh) ♪ We are a mighty love ♪ - [RuPaul] Category is MILF Eleganza, Monsters I'd like to Freak. (thunder booms) (wolf howls) First up, A'Keria C. Davenport. - [Ross] You know, I've seen her on the web. (judges laugh) - [Elvira] Quick, call the exterminator! - [A'Keria] Tonight, I am the queen of the spiders. I padded my body so that she definitely has a butt that you wouldn't mind takin' a ride on. Definitely freak-able. You want some. - [RuPaul] A'Keria C. Davenport from Harlot's Web. (judges laugh) - [Cara] I love that book. (thunder booms) - [RuPaul] Vanessa Vanjie Mateo. Her milkshake brings all the boys to the graveyard. - [Michelle] Yes! - [Elvira] I hope that bird doesn't have an accident. (judges laugh) - [Vanessa] My look is inspired by Vanity 6 meet apocalyptic dead ho. If Vanjie was supposed to be dead, this is how she would do it. I would still look sickening. I would have my plunging neckline showin' skin, my hair so coiffed I got my tombstone on my head because I want you to know who I am. This is sexy dead to the T. - [Michelle] Hey Vanjie, how's your headstone? (judges laugh) (thunder rumbles) - [RuPaul] Plastique Tiara. - [Ross] I love a queen who's always smiling. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Let's get sickle-ing! - [Plastique] My monster I'd like to freak is Plastique death goddess glamor. The makeup is paying homage to how I started out in drag, being drawn to that more conceptual, more creepy, spooky makeup. I hope the judges can appreciate I'm trying to do something different. - [Michelle] She's so handsy. - [Ross] Well, you gotta give her a hand. - [Michelle] Or two. (RuPaul laughs) (thunder rumbles) - Scarlet Envy. Ladies and gentlemen, the shape of wig water. (judges laugh) - [Elvira] Wait, isn't that Roomba's mom? (RuPaul laughs) - [Scarlet] This outfit is definitely high fashion meets classic cinema. "The Creature from the Black Lagoon" meets the New York City catwalk, darling. I feel weird, I feel fashion, I feel timeless. - [RuPaul] Now, you read about all the mercury in fish, but this is ridiculous. (judges laugh) (thunder rumbles) Nina West. Oh, look how pretty! - Aww. (judges gasping) - [Ross] It's a gash, a monster gash! (judges laugh) - [Nina] This is a look that I am very proud of. I've got this "House of Wax" vibe where my face is falling off and underneath is this decayed, deformed woman crawling out of the grave, looking for her long lost love, and I feel so alive, and dead in this look. - [Ross] Honey, your lipstick is smeared, lil bit. (judges laugh) (thunder rumbles) - [RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara. - [Elvira] Oh, look at the size of that snake. - [Ross] That's her trouser snake. - [Cara] That's the longest snake I've ever seen. Or the only one. (judges laugh) - [Ra'Jah] My MILF Eleganza look is the bone collector. Ra'Jah loves to suck a good bone. I'm wearing this sickening pair of pants made of fur, and then I threw on some pasties. I am serving you skeleton drag queen realness. - [RuPaul] Hey, when you finish the runway, could ya slip by my house and snake my drain? (judges laugh) (thunder rumbles) Shuga Cain. - [Elvira] Somebody forgot their bikini wax. - [RuPaul] Yes, workin' the merkin. (Michelle laughs) - [Shuga] I'm feeling this sexy wife of Satan MILF. She is giving you body, feathers, and bones, and full '70s merkin. I think I'm freakable. - [Ross] She's so LA now, an LA Ram. That's a football reference! - [RuPaul] Michelle, have you heard my new song? It's called "I Am a Merkin, a Merkin." (judges laugh) (thunder rumbles) Brooke Lynn Hytes. - [Ross] Sssissy that walk. (judges laugh) - [Michelle] Citizen cane? - [Brooke] I am a black widow. This bitch has buried like, five husbands. My look is an off the shoulder gown with this black tulle wafting around me, almost like smoke. I feel dark, I feel spooky, I feel sexy. - [RuPaul] Get these mother (bleep) snakes off this mother (bleep) stage! (judges laugh) (thunder rumbles) Ariel Versace. - [Cara] Areola, the little mermaid. (judges laugh) - [Elvira] Now I know why she calls herself Ariel. (judges laugh) - [Ariel] So a mermaid and Tinkerbell went into a bar, and the rest is history. She is a creature from the Jersey Shore covered in scales. I know these other queens are green with envy, yes. - [RuPaul] What's that perfume you're wearing? - [Elvira] Catch of the day? (judges laugh) (thunder rumbles) - [RuPaul] Yvie Oddly. - [Cara] She must be a fellow Brit with those teeth. - Yeah. (Michelle laughs) - [Yvie] My look is this fashion forward eleganza voodoo doll, and I've got pieces of frogs, and old hands stuck in my hair. My face has got stiches, and a bit ol' button eye. - [Michelle] She's serving lace, lace, lace. (RuPaul laughs) (thunder rumbles) - [RuPaul] And now in a scene from "Macbeth," Dr. Ganache. - [Ross] Out, out damn spot! (judges laugh) - [Silky] I am a red she-devil. Red mermaid gown with leather and fur hugs all my curves, and I changed up my makeup. Through my beauty, I wanted to show a little beast. I hope those judges are horny to see me. - [Michelle] Elmo, the later years. (judges laugh) (thunder booms) - This week, we challenged our all stars to cast a spell, in "Rumerican Horror Story: Coven Girls." And tonight on the runway, category is Oh My Goth. All stars, start your engines, and may the best drag queen, win! (upbeat music) ♪ You wear it well ♪ - [RuPaul] Up first, Ginger Minj. - [Michelle] Looks like her date's had a rough night. - [Ginger] What I do best is theater, darling. So I'm like Victorian girl fantasy with my little voodoo doll. - [Ross] I love that voodoo that you do so well. ♪ You wear it well ♪ - [RuPaul] Eureka! The higher the hair, the closer to goth. (judges laugh) - [Eureka] Peek-a-boo, she's 16th century Marge Simpson meets Bride of Frankenstein, and guess what's underneath? A little peek-a-boo of that negligee, mama. Serving curves and swerves! - [Michelle] Le (bleep)-erables. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Trinity K. Bonet. - Hello. - Oh crow she didn't! - [Trinity] It's tulle on top of feathers on top of sequins on top of tulle, darling. Can't nobody come for me on this runway because my train's so big, it takes up the runway! - [RuPaul] This Beyonce's very seance-y. Ra'Jah O'Hara. - [Michelle] Oh my goth. - [RuPaul] You know, just 'cause it's a funeral don't mean I can't look good. - [Ra'Jah] I'm serving Naomi Campbell black gothic glamor, okay? You can't tell me nothing. - [RuPaul] Bustier you stay. (Michelle laughs) A'Keria C. Davenport. - [Ross] You know why you can see through her headpiece? - Why? - 'Cause it's holy. (judges laugh) - Girl, I have a nasty headpiece that's pressed into my skin, and of course I got spikes showing my curvaceous shape. Ooh la la she-devil. - [RuPaul] She got BDE, big demon energy. (judges laugh) Jan. I follow her on pentagram. - [Jan] I am a goth princess bat out of (bleep) hell, and I do spook better than any of these other girls. - [Michelle] Oh my gosh, you guys. I think she has a resurrection! (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Kylie Sonique Love. - [Emma] I'm dead for her. - Today, I'm gonna serve holy goth. Just when you thought goth couldn't get sexier, bitch, I'm gonna raise the stakes. - [RuPaul] The devil wears nada. ♪ Work it for me ♪ (judges laugh) ♪ Work it for me ♪ - [RuPaul] Pandora Boxx, and by Boxx I mean coffin. - She married, she might've killed, and now she's crying for the world to see, because she got that money, bitch! And, scene. Where's my Emmy? - It's curtains for her! (judges laugh) - Ross? Thea? What's going on? - There's nothing there. - Michelle, did you pay the light bill? - What? (confused murmurs) You want me to do it, I'll do it. - Yeah, Michelle, get on up there. - Oh, y'all wanted a twist, hey?! (contestants cheer) Come on, "All Stars 6!" Let's get sickening! O-Krrrrr! (everyone laughs) - Bra! Laganja Estranja has already something to show. (everyone laughs) - [RuPaul] Last but not least, Raja. - [Judges] Oh! - It's fashion week. - There's your best wore, right there. - Oh yes! - [Raja] I'm really, really inspired by things Rococo and Marie Antoinette, all things sort of French. - [RuPaul] Let them eat cake! - [Judge] Anna Wintour will run that in the spring issue. - [Michelle] And even Gautier, remember he did that? - [RuPaul] We've got our cover. - For sure. - Yeah. This week our queens were challenged to record and perform an inspirational anthem, and tonight they're ready to wow us with their favorite body part. Ooh! Detox! It's just so simple and elegant. - [Judge] I know, so simple! - [Judges] Oh! - Say yes to crack! - [Detox] The minute I turned around and showed them that ass, honey, it was over! Body-ody-ody realness. - [Michelle] She got that dress from her crack dealer. - Peek-a-Ru, I see you! (La Toya giggles) The time has come for you to lip sync... For your life! (suspenseful music) - Get ready for the lip sync of your life. - Good luck. And don't (beep) it up. ♪ Hop up out the bed turn my swag on ♪ ♪ Pay no attention to them haters because we whip 'em off ♪ ♪ And we ain't doing nothing wrong ♪ ♪ So don't tell me nothing I'm just tryna have fun ♪ ♪ So keep the party jumping so whats up ♪ ♪ And I'll be doing what to do ♪ ♪ We turn our backs and whip our hair ♪ ♪ And just shake 'em off ♪ - There's no holding back, there's no tip-toeing around, I have to bring everything. ♪ I whip my hair back and forth ♪ ♪ I whip my hair back and forth ♪ ♪ I whip my hair back and forth ♪ ♪ I whip my hair back and forth ♪ ♪ I whip my hair back and forth ♪ ♪ I whip my hair back and forth ♪ - I got a seizure watching that! - This week, my queens were challenged to serve up their fiercest celebrity impersonations, and tonight the category is... Me! Milk! - Oh! (intense electronic music) - [Milk] Hello, hello, hello! It's Werk Room Ru! No one has ever seen this on the runway. I am working my ascot off. - Is that a Klein Epstein & Parker suit? Lady looks like a dude! ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ (dramatic music) Good luck. And don't (beep) it up. ♪ Stupid girls ♪ ♪ Stupid girls ♪ ♪ Baby if I act like that ♪ ♪ Flipping my blond hair back ♪ ♪ Push up my bra like that ♪ ♪ I don't wanna be a stupid girl ♪ ♪ Maybe if I act like that ♪ ♪ That guy will call me back ♪ (judges laugh) - Both of the girls, on the same beat of the song, not looking at each other, jump into the splits and hit the floor. It is so good! ♪ I don't wanna be a stupid girl ♪ - [Judges] Oh! ♪ Push up my bra like that ♪ ♪ Stupid girl ♪ ♪ Stupid girl ♪ ♪ Stupid girl ♪ - [RuPaul] Violet Chachki. - [Carson] Looking smart in tartan. - [Michelle] Getting a reveal. - [Judges] Oh! - [RuPaul] Bay City roller! - I'm giving you tartan eleganza. Being able to serve two looks in one is... A talent. - It's okay. - Tonight, they're ready to murder the runway in their death-becomes-her ensembles. Violet Chachki! (RuPaul gasps) - Oh my god! - [Violet Chachki] I'm numb from the waist down, tuck included. I really could die, bitch, I'm giving you realness. - [Michelle] She's got a smaller waist than Barbie. - [Merle] Don't sneeze honey, it's all gonna pop. - [Ariana] Amazing, work! ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ - [RuPaul] Tatianna; talent is spoken word. - This piece is entitled "The Same Parts." - This piece (chuckles)! - People at the party, and I'm wanting to dance. Other ugly-ass bitches ain't standing no chance. (everyone laughs) Dudes looking at me like they wanna get in my pants. Come on, bitch, see me with them hands. (everyone cheers) See me with them hands. His back on the wall, my ass on his (grunts) Grind him for a second. His stuff's getting thick. - (gasps) Ooh, girl! - He doesn't know it, but I'm getting firm too. (everyone laughs) 'Cause boys really need to know before calling me Boo. Because what you see isn't always the truth. Say it with me, - [All] What you see isn't always the truth. - Thank you, because baby boy, I've got all the same parts that you do. (everyone laughs) The same parts. (in deep voice) The same parts. (everyone laughs) (whispering) The same parts. (everyone cheers) Thank you. - The '90s beatnik doing a spoken word piece about her genitals. Tatiana's number is my absolute favorite. (everyone cheers) - The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! - Monet is a friend of mine, but I am ready to give the biggest fight I have to show Ru I deserve to stay. This is the last moment to make it count. - Good luck. And don't (beep) it up. ♪ Oh-Oh-Oh ♪ ♪ Come fill my glass up a little more ♪ ♪ We 'bout to get up and burn this floor ♪ ♪ You know we getting hotter and hotter ♪ ♪ Sexy and hotter let's shut it down ♪ ♪ Music ♪ ♪ Makes me ♪ ♪ High ♪ ♪ Oh-Oh-Oh ♪ (judges laugh) ♪ Come fill my glass up a little more ♪ ♪ We 'bout to get up and burn this floor ♪ ♪ You know we getting hotter and hotter ♪ ♪ Sexy and hotter let's shut it down ♪ ♪ Pound the alarm ♪ (intense electronic dance music) (judges cheer) ♪ Pound the alarm ♪ ♪ Oh-Oh-Oh ♪ ♪ Come fill my glass up a little more ♪ For the ladies watching from the back; that is what we call a lip sync for your life! (everyone claps) Now, I've made my decision. Monet X Change, shantay, you stay. You may join the other girls. - [Monet X Change] Thank you, Ru. - [RuPaul] Brooke Lynn Hytes. - [Michelle] All right, Pam Queer. (judges cheer) - [RuPaul] Oh my god! - Are you kidding me?! (RuPaul chuckles delightedly) - That's good! - Yes, babe! - [RuPaul] You better mother (beep) work, bitch! - I (beep) up Snatch Game and it was terrible and I know I'm getting read to filth for it, so I'm pulling out all the stops. I need to (beep) light that runway on fire. (judges cheer) RuPaul is gagged, everyone is gagged! Yes! I did it! - [Michelle] Guess blondes really do have more fun. - Oh yes! She went from Crooklyn to Brooklyn. Good luck. And don't (beep) it up. ♪ Now I'm out here looking like revenge ♪ ♪ Feelin' like a 10 the best I ever been ♪ ♪ And yeah I know how bad it must hurt ♪ ♪ To see me like this but it gets worse ♪ ♪ Now you're out here looking like regret ♪ ♪ Ain't too proud to beg ♪ ♪ Second chance you'll never get ♪ ♪ And yeah I know how bad it must hurt to see me like this ♪ ♪ But it gets worse ♪ ♪ Baby I'm sorry ♪ (judges laugh) ♪ I'm not sorry ♪ (judges cheer) ♪ Baby I'm sorry ♪ ♪ I'm not sorry ♪ ♪ Being so bad got me ♪ ♪ feelin' so good ♪ - What?! ♪ Showing you up ♪ - I am living! Come on Cirque du Soleil! ♪ That talk baby ♪ ♪ Better walk better walk that walk baby ♪ ♪ If you talk if you talk that talk baby ♪ ♪ Better walk better walk that walk baby ♪ (judges cheer) ♪ Baby I'm sorry ♪ ♪ I'm not sorry ♪ ♪ Baby I'm sorry ♪ ♪ I'm not sorry ♪ ♪ Feeling inspired 'cause the tables have turned ♪ ♪ Yeah I'm on fire and I know that it burns ♪ ♪ Not sorry ♪ (RuPaul laughs delightedly) (everyone cheers) - Ladies, I've made my decision. (suspenseful music) Shantay, you both stay. (everyone claps) (everyone cheers) (laughs excitedly) We both stay, we both stay. - Sorry, not sorry. (judges laugh) And ladies, you in the back, I hope you're taking notes. You got a couple of lip sync assassins in our presence. No-one is safe. Welcome back. Trinity K. Bonet, are you ready to meet your opponent? - Meh. - Meh! It's time to present this week's lip sync assassin! (dramatic music) (excited chatter) - It's a ghost. Is it like Casper? - Ru-veal yourself! Wait a minute, there's nobody there. Michelle, what's going on? - Ross? Thea? What's going on? - There's nothing there. - Michelle, did you pay the light bill? - What? (confused murmurs) - You want me to do it, I'll do it. - Yeah, Michelle, get on up there. - I'll do it! - Oh, y'all wanted a twist, hey? Come on, "All Stars 6", let's get sickening! O-Krrrr! (everyone laughs) (upbeat music) - Bra! Laganja Estranja has already got something to show. (everyone cheers) The music aint even started (giggles)! You better come through, okay! - That first stunt don't count. - Oh my goodness! It came from Uranus! Let the Rudemption games continue. (intense electronic music) Well, if she couldn't see before, she damn for sure can't see now! - [Silky Nutmeg Ganache] Today I'm wearing all the rhinestones, and baby, I'm a star, so whoever comes on that stage tonight, munch-munch, crunch-crunch! Silky Ganache is here to eat the lunch! - The Reverend Dr. Silky Nutmeg Ganache, how you feeling? - [Silky Nutmeg Ganache] I am truly blessed and humbled to be here another week. I prepared from head to toe today. - Now she just putting on (beep). (contestants laugh) - Are you ready to meet your opponent? - [Silky Nutmeg Ganache] Yes! Y'all gotta be scared this week, y'all brought me out first! (dramatic music) - Oh, ain't nobody there. - [Silky Nutmeg Ganache] Don't tell me that you brought Laganja Estranja back, bitch! (RuPaul laughs) (dramatic music) Laganja, come on. (suspenseful music) - Silky, it appears that last week's eliminated All Star, A'keria C. Davenport, has turned down my invitation to return for her Rudemption. - What?! - Bitch! - In accordance with "All Star" rules, of which there are many- - Okay. (laughs) - You will advance in the Rudemption Smackdown for the crown. - [Silky Nutmeg Ganache] Thank you. I hope that I get the chance to still lip sync for you tonight. - Oh! - Even though I'm not on the stage with those girls doing maxi challenges, I take this seriously like it's a maxi challenge. - So you wanna lip sync for your legacy all by yourself? - [Silky Nutmeg Ganache] Why not? - Aren't you afraid of losing? - [Silky Nutmeg Ganache] No. (judges laugh) - Well, according to the "All Star" rules, what the hell?! - Good for her! - I love that. - Yeah, she's that bitch. - I appreciate that. - I wanna get me a piece. - One All Star stands before me. (dramatic music) Oh, who am I kidding? Hit it! ♪ Hiya Barbie ♪ ♪ Hi Ken ♪ (RuPaul laughs) ♪ You wanna go for a ride ♪ ♪ Sure Ken ♪ ♪ Jump in ♪ ♪ I'm a Barbie girl in the Barbie world ♪ ♪ Life in plastic ♪ ♪ It's fantastic ♪ ♪ You can brush my hair ♪ ♪ Undress me everywhere ♪ ♪ Imagination life is your creation ♪ ♪ Come on Barbie let's go party ♪ ♪ I'm a Barbie girl in the Barbie world ♪ ♪ Life in plastic ♪ ♪ It's fantastic ♪ ♪ You can brush my hair ♪ ♪ Undress me everywhere ♪ ♪ Imagination life is your creation ♪ ♪ You're my doll rock and roll ♪ (judges laugh) ♪ Feel the glamor in pink ♪ ♪ Kiss me here touch me there hanky panky ♪ ♪ You can touch oh I'm having so much fun ♪ ♪ Well barbie we're just getting started ♪ ♪ Oh I love you Ken ♪ (judges laugh) (contestants laugh) (judges clap) - Oh, I hope she wins this lip sync! - Well! I've made my decision. Silky Nutmeg Ganache, you are out your damn mind! (upbeat music) Officially!
[Music] category is angelic white orange alert color purple black wedding why'd it gotta be wedding [Music] london paris milan solid gold dancer darcel her name one and altavis davis honey i'm going for the gold baby jackie joyner kirsten has nothing on me she's gonna make your wishes come true you work it girl work it down harem scaram miss thing miss chad michaels it's jim in the holograms fabulous solid goals i just had the idea to pick my forehead gold and really try to emulate the versace medallion the medusa head live from caesar's palace okay the price of gold has just gone up hasn't it yes it has wow willem glamazon break these chains my goodness chain chain chain my theme was clash of the titans if clash of the titans was set in a strip club oh look william's a little cheeky tonight yes i think i could see her pink cadillac all right sharon needles she's grease lightning servant t-bird yes cha-cha di gregorio's got nothing on us i'm not afraid to look bizarre and when i look bizarre i feel beautiful she's serving elvis and elvira she's el virus and it's contagious oh fifi o'hara yes vanessa williams right here yes yes sparkle fifi sparkle i love my look my hair kind of like swooped like an ice cream cone trying to serve the judges beyonce meets the jetsons realness she's serving jiffy pop after the show okay madame the queer cut it out yes she is serving some space couture yes mama i'm going with an outer space look and it's good because i like to be different space the final the queer the princess wait what she stole my love who worried best i'd like showing off my body my curves with an element of androgyny i definitely think it's a bold choice to go without a wig bald is beautiful yes it is look at that ass i'm telling you your ass is minced princess jiggly caliente serving heavy gun metal check there's an asteroid headed straight for planet roo uh oh duck and cover the look is right catch my shades i look sick i said wild women do amen and they don't regret it oh runway realness super my dog look at these legs i'm pummeling the runway i am serving naomi campbell realness oh and what an impressive bumper she has and she ain't afraid to show it no latrice royale there's gold in them they're heels i want the shortest little dress to show off my gorgeous legs and hips and curves body beautiful of course 24 karat realness yes i'll have a latrice royale on the rocks shaken not stirred can you michaels she's serving some r2d2 realness t3p hoe i try to mix the high couture with the fantasy i feel amazing in space no one can hear you queen the 49th state alaska so pink mafia i look like a ghost from the civil war a mcqueen fashion show she bleeds pink she's a sex pistol monica beverly hills someone caught the bouquet i'm feeling extra fishy my nails are right my hair's tight i'm just giving it this is very singapore airlines come fly with me alyssa edwards i want that outfit i am channeling my little miss perfect gig it's the deal it's the ish madonna reborn again yes commanding vivian pineda hold me closer tiny dancer i am feeling cute  and girly and the judges are really eating it up i think i just saw her pink slip next up detox this is playboy the victorian years my tits are bouncing everywhere i mean i have a great body so why not show it off okay no kidding i have this outfit she is a hot mesh roxy andrews sam pink panther on the runway the dress is flowing i look drop dead gorgeous it's a mullet dress business in the front party in the back lanaisha sparks sell the garment honey i feel so fierce flawless like a top model looks like cinderella's got a hot date [Music] jinx monsoon oh dangerous liaisons i am flouncing down the runway with my snuff box let them eat all this cake  marie aquanet coco montrees shirley temple black why gotta be black i am giving you pure baby doll fish i look so cute i didn't know she was into bears ivy winters where's crystal connor when you need her yes i'm threatened like a vegas showgirl i feel like a beautiful flamingo you can just stick her in somebody's front lawn honey mahogany she just jumped out of bed and grabbed the duvet cover very bed bath and beyonce i am feeling really strong pummeling the runway bad face is iman but that walk is pure pissed off [Laughter] jay jolie work it very girls next door holly madison i'm feeling so pretty and pink i'm serving the judge of pure fish hunty barbie girl in a barbie world life in plastic it's fantastic that's where my hair went uh-huh i am serving a lizard called laganja mama y'all can't take it peekaroo i can see your blackberry very i dream of genie oh yes adore delano cruella delano yes this is how i look this is how i work my body and i'm stuffing them dead dog realness you know there is two sides to every store it ain't all just black and white there is a gray area blame it on bianca del rio oh that's so romantic there it is i am serving up skunk cinderella realness this is my element i like a good ball gown and my ain't from off the rack it's very drag inauguration ball it is that is quite an impressive tool i might add up next trinity k bonnet oh they look like dominoes totally yes honey she will deliver in 30 minutes oh your pizza is free i look absolutely fabulous i am serving you jack of all trades night at the casino fish she's rolling snake guys diamond know she better do now  that wow bengali creme oh my goodness look at those tatitas now that's an hourglass figure i'm serving some evil queen i'm feeling the fantasy i don't know what it is around her neck but if it snows tonight it's going on my tires [Laughter] darion lake bam i own 51 of this company i'm serving you black and white pageant eleganza i want your eyes to cross that's a bazoom darion lake jump right in don't forget your motorboat courtney act oh my goodness talk about serving fish yeah honey she's serving rainbow trout ah klaus know me malone wow i've got my fish on the platter i am serving it to those judges it's all come together and i feel like i've got it right the invitation said black tie only didn't say anything about pants though no jocelyn fox abracadabra presto just a little necktie i'm serving menswear i'm showing some skin but i still get that masculinity and femininity i'm loving it bam what that ass is so perfect i think she's strapped for cash and fabric up first is pearl pearl a condom i am slytherin down this runway instead of wearing something that's green i'd rather be something that's green she's got a snake that needs to be charmed thanks for the memories miss fame green goddess i love the shoulder pads those aren't shoulder pads those are her shoulders i'm wearing this cosmic alien galactic green gown i've got my face painted for the gods and i'm living for the fantasy lana turnter dixie mattel oregato i'm giving classic beauty married to chinese feast hold the msg but you will be hungry again in an hour she's been shanghai [Laughter] katya emerald city fashion week [Laughter] [Music] i am in love with my look i'm sissying that leg i feel confident i feel sexy i feel stupid yes honey she is serving green legs and ham max i think she went too big with her cup size those are her lucky charms antique androgynous antoinette if you will if she's a little  it's a period piece jane dior fierce you know i was looking for camouflage the other week but i couldn't find it there she is i'm giving them bright neon camouflage realness and i'm feeling it i ain't trying to hide that much she's got a seaweed violet cha-chi oh wow yeah b is for victory it's also for vagina oh that is the most perfect ass  i am serving lime green show girl i'm giving you ass ass ass it's almost as if the road runner were a showgirl and green candy hoe the chartreuse shantus how green was my valley of the dolls i'm just giving you a sweet and sexy side of me and hopefully that sweetness stays in your mouth and you taste it all the way through she's a hot latina i love how my hair matches my dress just the tip just just a tip mrs kasha davis cash money millionaire yes opulence she owns everything mrs kasha davis wants to let everybody know that she may have made some of that money in the red light district but it's her money nonetheless she put the cash in cash davis dollar make you holler laguardia newark kennedy oh she's playing her green card i'm serving with the utmost confidence because my hair is whooped and beat my face is done and you cannot tell me nothing all that glitters is green how much did her hair have to smoke to get that high ginger minge oh she's cute perky in pistachio i am serving you some leprechaun realness i look like a glamour toad and i feel like a million bucks not today satin not today oh my god now that wow here's bob the drag queen bob the joker uh-oh i've decided to do and look inspired by the movie freaks so i look creepy i look gorgeous i'm serving girl harlequin romance novel oh and the sneer i like that up next derrick berry yeah it's a little black dress i'm representing old hollywood and this is a different look for me i feel like a movie star now she's pumping some ivan de carlo realness here lily monster naomi smalls baby raven is such a huge inspiration i really just want to pay homage to how amazing she is she has padded someone found a couch yeah what's your sleep number oh oh oh oh oh by the way this is kimchi y'all she is just giving us drama my idea is a sad looking french clown in a thin city setting wrong way i'll get her back the mime has come to lip sync for your life okay thorgy thor oh she's got betty davis thighs it's hematite i'm giving you mae west meets carrie bradshaw my idea is to put them together in a hodgepodge to create my own thorgy look she looks a little ashy yes lotion up girl lotion up chichi the vein oh she's got hollywood bronco honey i'm wearing a gown that was passed down from my drag mom so it's special and my makeup is giving you dead president realness honey she brought her louisiana roadkill with her too no possums were harmed in the making of this outfit nina bonina brown zeta jones glamazon shazamazon when nina bonina banana osama bin laden brown hits the runway child i'm a bad  hungry hungry hip pads alexis michelle do these earrings make my ass look fat i'm serving glamour but i've got it turned on its ear just a little bit tin roof frosting shea coulee i'll have two vanilla cones please i'm serving you chocolate 60s bodacious babe remember when we used to do white lines charlie hyde barry linda evanston from dynasty the outfit is amazing it looks like a fashion illustration of a snow queen you know she's from the hood sasha velour i've taken a classic silhouette and updated it with a commitment to showing women who are strong you know what they say about girls who wear white prom true hooker asha where's my fava beans in chianti i believe that's a whitening strip actually i'm an illuminati princess they tried to silence me and i'm like no  i'm still gonna talk now you color see me now you don't [Music] james mansfield gentlemen prefer a white muff my look is fun it's campy i look fabulous the girl can't help it oh i'm sure she can cynthia lee fontaine oh my goodness i think i'm having a deja roo i'm going to the most expensive wine party ever okay my fair cuckoo [Music] farrah moan i like the peekaboos i'm giving you a little bit of ass a little bit of class and some broken glass she is quite the hipster valentina oh nice day for a white wedding i'm inspired by my mom and dad's wedding video my mom was known as the beautiful bride in her hometown and i want to tell you that story if anybody has any objections shut the  up trinity taylor i think that ufo landed my ass looks really good in these white pants they look like two snowballs just juggling i hear she comes in peace [Laughter] camore black now that's my kind of patriotism i'm going to a white party on a boat with hot sailors and we're going to have fun i don't think she'll sink do you she comes with her own flotation device peppermint winter mint i've chosen an elvis presley inspired rock and roll extravaganza that pearl necklace seems to be dripping [Laughter] eureka honda it's milking time i'm giving you glamour androgynous glamazonian big tuna fish eureka like the vacuum cleaner yes and she can suck [Music] maybe i won't have my mother watch this show phoebe zahara binet oh dear someone forgot their spf i think she took the red eye here i look like i came from another planet the planet is fierce it's ferocious with a hint of cupcake fantasy red bull does have wings i loved her in the avengers kennedy diving parts little red riding in the hood i feel beautiful i'm just gliding down that runway honey i know i look like licorice candy just shining i hope those aren't blood diamonds next morrigan mcmichaels oh my god what a tart she showed us her bag and her pipe baby i am serving you highland lass full scottish tartan rave heart beats devil wears prada i look gorgeous i'm giving you morgan queen of scots she brings all the boys to the yard scotland y'all up next shangela wow are you happy to see me my look is inspired by this video i saw lady gaga in paris with this costume created by my friend perry meek and i was like oh now that's a stunt she look like a silver sea urchin and baby i'm about to be read and remembered in the event of a crash your couture can be used as a quotation up next trixie mattel how do you like them apples well that is a novel idea oh my god i'm giving you lay textbook realness i'm balancing three books on my head and an apple and it's all absolutely real and not pinned into my scalp in any way my waist is so small that everyone else here is a waste of time she clearly likes to be reamed money exchange someone's got to tell her she's got toilet paper in her shoe i am bringing my own runway to the runway this little train whatever  i'm so holy  that i am stick modded the house down boots i feel like i'm giving you saint exchange another bleeding heart liberal thank god forgive me father for i have stunned [Laughter] say three hail mary's and call me in the morning trinity the tuck oh my goddess i do like she's feathering her hair now yes she is i'm an angel in disguise an angel that used to be a supermodel  she looks fierce and she's gonna walk this runway with this halo  eat it halo she didn't unleash the kraken it's not versace it's trinity monique heart oh my god she's got a heart on she's got a big heart on mickey mouse is holding your head up america i am giving you angelic white realness serving you josephine baker mixed with michael the archangel it's beautiful that scorch made of spores [Laughter] well that queen's a prince now that guitar is practical oh she got that outfit on sale for 19.99 [Applause] i am feeling my prince fantasy uh erotic city come alive even in heaven i'm a sexy  giving you diamonds and pearls this is what it looks like when doves cry raspberry burger [Applause] dearly beloved we are gathered here to give you this thing we call a life valentina oh you guys are stomachs and knots well that's where my lasso went yes oh naughty girl this gown is so expensive it's worth more than your life i'm wearing 100 of the finest silk that there is covered in plumes of ostrich and hand-tied knots of crystals all over my body this is why you have to cut the soda can things before you throw them away exactly protect the wildlife this dress really strikes a cord at least the floor is getting clean duster i barely know her manila luzon this is from my era the hades i'm serving angelic fresco on the ceiling of a church i'm giving you aphrodite cherubs and baroque art i feel like i'm serving legs for days and blonde bombshell grecian fantasy if you don't like my angelic look then i'll see you in hell that belt chair rubs me the wrong way oh she's having twins now that is some pulp friction i'm serving you citrus circus realness shaking my big top ten or should i say big bottom ten i might be all bows and smiles but you don't want to catch this clown after dark i wonder if she's on rinder up next plastique tiara birds of a feather stone tights together i'm serving madame butterfly i'm flying down the runway this corset is the actual piece that cardi b wore in her music video the hairiest butterfly i've seen in a while i don't mind a hairy butt surprise raja o'hara i eat that orange orange jellies i'm wearing a sickening bad ass cat suit with the chaps to match and i'm rocking this super sickening pixie cut feeling like a rock star like a young diana ross yes she does oh she's got a heart on yeah see you later elton john nino s from the best little whorehouse in orange county this madam will take a slice out of you i am wearing this hello dolly inspired look because i wanted to reference my favorite liberal activist barbara streisand i like to serve a character i want to be theatrical on the runway did you get those feathers she had to pluck a  or two scarlet envy freddy krueger's wife [Laughter] i made all of this by hand everything from my head to my shoes match in the same exact fabric i feel beautiful that's a real classy  putting the man in mandarin orange yes honey akiria c davenport all right tawanza you better make that extra money on the side girl she's giving me nicki minaj from the back did i heard tiffany say i'm giving a little nicki minaj yeah girl the body is there and it is real is she clacking down that runway what's that i hear i thought that was the audience this is my ass clapping orange is the news black [Applause] silky nutmeg ganache pumpkin spice the star of dreamsicle girls take your time this is like a low speed chase with oj [Laughter] the juice is blue tonight on the runway i am serving orange elegance honey i'm a pageant queen this is what i do free oj free oj ariel versace i ain't gotta dance i make money moves [Music] orange isn't typically a color i would wear unless it's on my skin because you know i'm spray tan for filth girl i look like big bird's orange cousin from new jersey i think that cheeto's a puff see you in reno yeah mercedes iman diamond does this mercedes come in orange [Laughter] african princess in the house girl with this orange look we gotta bring that mercedes signature mug bead to the gogg baby i own the runway clementine on my mind are those diamonds blood orange oh the drama vanessa vangie mateo fresh from the tropicana rouge she's not that rind of girl [Laughter] i'm feeling expensive the jewels the drama the glitter over the top shenanigans i'm feeling like i'm robbing  left and right and i know i'm the most expensive  on this runway right now that's the truth stunning you feather work wow this tangy miss tangy brooklyn heights ladies and gentlemen agent orange see this is the kind of  that my man would cheat on me for yeah i am giving you fifth element meets tron needs the matrix but orange it is sexy it's strappy i feel amazing in this outfit cheeky  i can see her butt orange is the new crack yeah she pissed are you mad at me michelle [Music] who's next sugarcane yeah yay i'm so glad i'm black so i don't have to go tanning and end up like that girl look how orange you are i'm strutting down this runway like an arrogant ass that donald trump is honey giving you his mannerisms his stupid facial expressions and yes ma'am i did grab that  walk your intimidated ass off this stage real quick fake drag akiria c davenport [Laughter] baby i am giving you the miniature life-size version of root very curvaceous eleganza at its finest i feel like i can barely breathe but i feel beautiful i hope that turkey in her ass thaws out before thanksgiving gobble gobble girl someone say butterball brooklyn heights oh my god i'm ready for my close-up mr charles okay okay i love my look i am channeling norma desmond old hollywood glamour i'm looking into that spotlight oh like this is drag oh it's drama i'll buy whatever she's selling eat your heart out glenn close silky nut make ganache take me to church oh let the church say amen amen amen i am wearing a good old sanctified church lady jumpsuit look at me don't i look like a big tall glass of water you look thirsty honey take a sip oh i thought it was hot in here i'll see you at the covered dish luncheon love it i don't even know it evie oddly oh drop it like it's hot tyler perry presents the golden girl bring back my grills because i need support when i walk right now i'm just gonna milk it so i've got this cute little gold cane hobbling down the runway showing the judges a japanese underground drug lord like she runs some shady business what are those make it rain girl oh my god her knees are broken but she's got a crack in her ass sugarcane birds of a feather frock together this runway is my battleground that i am ready to slay i am an aztec goddess warrior today honey this look is classic sugar my body is right i am showing you the gold and the shimmer fish i live for a sparkle honey the eagle has landed yeah beautiful it's the flight of bitcherous pastique tierra she can watch drag race from space with those antennas this look is like plastic like evolved into mega evolution this is the ultimate plastic form i'm feeling my alyssa edwards fantasy where she got 25 things on at once i'm feeling the best i've ever felt walking down this runway i died and got to heaven light as a feather stiff as a strap-on raja o'hara i was wondering where my other ball went [Laughter] i'm serving you this cat suit that i actually made myself i'm feeling my head to toe shimmer and sparkle mary j blize at the met gala meet old money baby woman on the go yes the eyes of tammy hey [Music] vanessa vangee mateo beep oh she's got somewhere to go miss vandy all gold glitter robot bunny hoe my thighs is out legs is long i'm court setting for the gods i can't feel my genital robotic  i don't even know i just look good baby 24 carats yeah i think i'm in love the future mrs hefner well not much future no no nina west a striking viking i'm feeling horny this is a quintessential nordic nina yeah i don't think i've ever seen anything like this saunter down the drag race stage remember it ain't over till the fat lady sings [Laughter] scarlet envy death becomes her calling dr bombay my runway look is giving you expensive hippie lucille ball meets brook shields meets and margaret she is sexy she is funny she is straight up gorgeous lana del rey when is your album coming out soon this is my best dress and a few butterfly clips butterflies jaycox she's making a very veiled threat my inspiration is a beautiful bride waiting for her husband to come back from war johnny are you coming back i received the letter he's been killed in combat the black wedding has become a funeral she's a good actress yeah i think she's looking for godot jan simply jan this looks gorgeous um ma'am there's no smoking in here i am dressed in so many layers of organdy crinoline sparkle shimmer i'm feeling my jan to see hard core i take my ring off and i flip this entire wedding on its head oh that's gonna hurt coming out yeah i love i don't uh take that melania jada essence hall oh she's rich black diamonds are forever yes i am a trophy wife honey i am coming out here i finally got this fat ass ring that i have been waiting for all my life i'm just ready to walk down this aisle and get this money i mean man guess who's black in the house she's a nice gay for a black wedding gigi good oh my god so pretty so gorgeous next level my silhouette is inspired by the classic christian dior new look i'm cinched in at the waist and then just jutting out at the hips i have my tiny little wedding ring that you just have to squint to see because i can't over accessorize in this type of look she loves some black tulle but who doesn't cherry pie in the library with the candlestick got a light my bride may or may not be dead letting the candle lead me through the hallways of my dilapidated old mansion she is looking for her wedding but thank god she's got a candle cause it's dark in here michelle can you candle this i don't think i can candle this woo heidi tiara i hardly know you heidi is the new black heidi's a new black i've chosen this elegant black gown it has this big cone shoulder piece that wraps around me and you know makes me feel secure cause it's my wedding day all eyes are on me at my wedding nobody take my day away from me she didn't already then drove herself the widow von doo she got a standing bovations she looks like mary wilson a little bit kind of sword i can see it i am wearing this sequin gown with this beautiful giant train and then when i take off that mask boom  looking in my eyes she ain't got no soul peekaroo she's registered at bed black and beyond yes crystal method she is dying to get married oh no yes i'm serving an undead bride who just dug her way out of her grave to find her love i am loving my character my gloves are even ripped at the fingertips because when you die your nails keep growing i'm covered in dust i think i look drop dead gorgeous um there's a shampoo for that death becomes her jackie cox her skirt's so short her lips are showing the first thing i think of when i hear the word purple is that song the one-eyed one-horned flying purple people eater i'm having a lot of fun with it why is there a stamp on the tongue it's molly oh molly you in danger girl you know i wasn't going to say it crystal method how now purple cow he's making me horny my inspiration for this look is nick cave an artist who makes sound suits these beautiful outfits that like move around all cool this is just really bizarre and totally crystal method she's on the rag i had to fight that one [Music] heidi aphrodite she's eggplant emoting take a look at that potato salad i'm giving you purple lace the house down did you see all these curves these swerves you can see all that soft and supple skin this is my real body america i don't know why y'all gagging i give it to you every time well not every time watch out for slick [Laughter] gg good jinkies we've got a mystery on our hands my look is loosely inspired by one of my favorite childhood cartoons i've got my necktie my cute little green buttons i am skipping down that runway and girl i'm giving the judges their childhood fantasy they've been looking for and i would have gotten away with it too if it wasn't for you meddling kids cherry pie the fusion of fashion is pharaoh me yao i am full on cheshire cat fantasy it looks like a big furry tail wrapped around me i just feel like an alice in wonderland fantasy do the kitty litter dance [Laughter] dump it [Laughter] jada essential she's on cp time color purple time now where's oprah i feel my fantasy because i have this beautiful hat it's blocking my light because i don't want everybody to see all of this space the body and this garment are doing all the work i love having money i love feeling like money and this look just drips money she puts the pee in purple [Music] -[Music] hey dream girls now that you've had your spring awakening it's time to strap on your kinky boots and form a chorus line and it better be wicked good otherwise it's bye bye birdie [Applause] i just got off the bus i don't drink or eat or cause you're new in town it's time to not go down start swimming to the top before you dry you we are the pageant queen fancy we're elegance machines [Music] [Music] humor always justify the means while she's there telling a joke i'm right behind you oh don't listen to that cause they're all full of beans literally who's that oh wait she's a shady queen horrid queen no one wants to see her on her own all alone no one wants to be her listen i'm pretty poppy she's on her way to six feet underground yeah and nothing nice nothing good ever [Music] queen the wiser advisor the one who you should stick with penny you really want to be a star yeah i do no don't do it there's a hole in your hearts there's a place in your soul a passion so strong it makes your blood boil all your dreams come alive all your wishes will grow if you take a swig of this fish oil drink for me oh i really like you but i shouldn't i drink for me and i do want to be a big big star drink for me don't do it well i'm gonna be the greatest star and nothing and no one's gonna keep me down [Music] oh i can't get it open here don't do it don't do it watch me be yourself [Music] and let's have no misunderstanding [Music] [Applause] [Music] this is only a test [Music] oh [Music] oh really is that all you got what about this titty titty   titty titty titty [Music] [Music] my um [Music] [Music] put the bass in your walls [Music] if you are looking to start a revolution i created a social media solution put on your opulent jewels air and dress and say it in 140 characters or less let them eat cake let them eat cake let the meat cake cake cake cake cake let the meat [Music] [Applause] me [Applause] [Music] five six been on my own since i was young came out my mama with a final better shot than anyone no one could beat me but there's a story y'all don't know my draw was fast and his [Music] bye [Music] [Music] don't think y'all could do this without me blac chyna up in here [Music] [Music] [Applause] ladies and gentlemen mariah carey happy new year everybody you made this song number one [Music] can i get more of me [Music] someone's getting fired let's let the audience [Music] i think you know to get it right sometimes a diva has to do things on her own [Music] ta-da still [Music] ladies and gentlemen julie andrews hello it's julie andrews whenever there's something i can't face i sing this simple tune guess who's back in the house heels click clacking about fine fresh feminine style 211 and divine see your heavenly gentleman sweating its times across the board no doubt what do you like wow  about to end this drought teddy's so plentiful fishy green jezebel should be criminal [Music] [Music] from the clintons to the obamas i keep it tight now they call me mother microphone drop good day i don't just sit at dinner tables anymore i flip them that  is crazy i haven't had a sip of wine in three years why because now i throw it in people's faces famous conflama it's conflict plus drama you know what that equals right dollar signs it's what every reality star's got yep conflama i put two teaspoons in my coffee every morning good last death [Music] go back to party city where you belong  the song is over don't you tell me the song is over it's working did you see her shoes y'all claimed aren't they so tacky can you stop saying that some queens are so annoying their voices are really cloying repeating the same words falling out their lips like turds oh girl you've got drag mouth it's a big problem mary you need to read a book like right now her vocabulary but now there's a fix when you come and go south all you gotta do is put this call in your mouth as in c-a-u-l-k get your mind out of the gutter anyone can use it including straight spies and gays it stops your loose lips from sprouting dry cliches side effects include but are not limited to jazz queen damn now i've got it good guy get a  girl [Laughter] [Music] morning callie mama named me cherylin i was insecure but there was a fire within skipped school early went to hollywood tried to meet every big wig that i could when i met sonny he was 27 i was younger by a few years okay 11. short little guy he stole my heart soon we're on top of the charts so we were right in the head it was all glamouring [Music] believed in me more than i believed in myself and  we were just getting started when our world is destroyed and the hand of time approaches two things will be left sharing cockroaches share and roaches cockroaches and chairs we'll still be there sharing roaches cockroaches and shares get used to us we ain't going nowhere [Applause] did someone say oprah isn't it good to see you hit it a tale that's so upbeat supreme reality  oh gee thirsty a sex apprentice you could clock a destiny all a flutter i love you on celebrity big brother forget about that good job over at fox [Music] white house [Music] wake up and smell [Music] don't get mad get everything [Music] my next album went platinum fast and so did i [Music] critics don't know what to make of me am i real art or publicity my music up videos [Music] haters criticize my blond ambition double standard is it cause i'm a woman i'm gonna [Music] [Music] kiss my derriere making art isn't easy and i've got the scars to prove it so you can get into it [Music] - all right ladies since we're all together i want to ask each of you [Music] who should go home tonight and why all right ladies i have a tough question to ask you if one of you has to go who should it be i would throw myself under the bus because i was a team leader i think that the biggest link in my group it was me if it was not because of i had immunity definitely i should go home it's honestly next to impossible for me to answer that question the way i know you want the question answered i want it answered honestly if you said i'm getting rid of all these i would accept that only based on the fact that she has immunity i would say nina rebecca i don't know this is really hard but i would have to say chanel okay and why chanel is here to kill and she would be my biggest competition and i love you i love you too going down we should be eliminated tonight rebecca what's your answer do we just get to pick one then you could pick three you know what my three competitors are nice girls and i love them all but some of them have already peaked at whatever they were gonna do drag wise and i you know should have the opportunity to progress and and grow i hear you but i honestly i really do need you to give me one name out of the three i would say chanel okay and why is that she's a little annoying you know at times thank you all right nina who should be eliminated tonight rebecca why because america's next drag queen superstar should be someone with experience so that this person can take the title with dignity and respect all right bibi same question i would say rebecca because working with her is frustrating and real when it comes down to it amongst all of us i know rebecca is at a lower level that's what i have to say thank you baby chanel who should be eliminated tonight i'm so glad you asked me this question i nominate myself because i don't want to be here anymore since day one i have been judged really hard and i'm very frustrated that you can't see the personality because i am so real you have no idea and i don't feel that i am being understood here i am beautiful i'm a beautiful person internally and on the outside and it's so so frustrating to me that that image does not seem to be conveyed week after week when we come into an elimination around i am so negatively critiqued the truth is you are beautiful you are really beautiful thank you no thank you you are you are that sounds so nice to hear it's true and i i i'm sorry i i i thought i told you earlier i really did i would not like you to leave you are a great contender for this contest in answer to your question i nominate myself thank you chanel i'm gonna have to send someone home who should it be and why the weakest person in the group you know is tatiana tatiana who do you think should go home today i'm just gonna go with morgan because she has immunity tatiana that's an answer for the miss america contest not the rupaul drag race contest nicole same question send them all home send all these home okay and all these i mean they eventually all have to go so i mean i don't want to be the one to go so send them all raven who would you send home tonight i would say tatiana i don't think she wants to be like a grand superstar diva i think she's comfortable being a beautiful girl no not the case if i was comfortable being a beautiful girl i was a beautiful girl at home that's not why i'm here to be like pretty okay thank you my just my opinion who should be going home tonight i think phoenix the leader has to take responsibility i kind of agree with manila phoenix phoenix based on the runway presentation i would say myself all right raja i just don't like the idea of the possibility of my friend leaving because delta and i um i was so excited to see my very good friend here with me in this process i hope that if she has to lip-sync for her life that she lip syncs for her mother's life amen clearly you can tell which genre of music everyone is and it just kind of gets lost as far as her look carmen same question i have to agree with raja because i feel that there's always a look issue you need to look the part if you're going to be a drag superstar genre sofia i would say carmen because sometimes she looks like she's on vacation changela i honestly feel it would be carmen carrera where look is definitely important you have to be able to perform alexis mateo i going to pick carmen carrera as well and i think she's just resting and pretty [Music] which one of these does not deserve to be in the top three let's start with sharon needles [Music] i'm going to say fifi o'hara she has a very cut throat attitude to be america's next drag superstar we need a sweetheart as drag queens i think we need to show as much heart and family morals amongst what you said right now is a complete lie i value family morals you're on stage lying is what you're doing i'm not lying but fifi o'hara same question i would definitely have to say sharon for him to stand on this stage and tell that i don't value family it's bullsh if i'm you know cut throat then so be it i'm a fierce competitor and i deserve to be here thank you fifi chad michaels same question i would say fifi she has a lot of maturing to do at times she has acted her age and she's made no qualms about wanting to win this contest hands down whatever it is that she needs to do latrice royale i feel sharon needles she has gotten through this competition being imperfect on the runway we strive for perfection if i were to come out here with unfinished seams and i ripped up this and ripped up that my ass would be handed to me i have one last question ggb which team should i send home this week and why i believe that jar alexis might be the one to go next i love you guys you know this i just find that sometimes you may place yourself in a box alexis same question less than home la trees and manila would you say they're your biggest competition biggest yeah latrice royale same question john x's because i can't understand a word they saying i'm just going to read everybody right here everybody thinks that we're in that competition just because we speak another language but we are all stars no matter where we come from and i'm going to tell you all something y'all better watch out we're working together to send all of you home said that who do you think deserves to go home tonight and why jinx monsoon vivian only because it seems like she's repeating the same notes that you guys are giving her ivy what about you uh i would have to say honey roxy vivian vivian i would say honey honey i would say vivian alyssa the one that i would want to send home is not in this lineup who's not in the lineup that you want to send home charisma uniqueness nerve and talent um i don't see jade at the same level he's kind of a little hokey pokey this is a drag queen competition which one of you should go home tonight and why let's start with dayla i think darien everyone else who's here has really shown an ability to hear critique and adjust and some folks like bianca just sail through but darien i think she frequently assumes she is doing better than people from an outside perspective might see all right thanks tayla adore delano i feel based on this challenge darian bianca del rio if it's about this particular challenge i would have to say darien and you know i'm not gonna lie to you i don't know which is why i'm called a and apparently i'm sailing now is that a bad thing whatever queen i should pick your ass just for being a that was like you're good at it yeah no that was very condescending [Music] darian lake same question i think darien you should really go home for what you have done today think about what you did and realize the criticisms who i think should go home whoever does not lip-sync for their life okay courtney act coming into this competition i earmarked adore as being top three and over the last few weeks she's kind of tripped and stumbled so i think that she would be the next to go but i guess based on tonight's comments i'm gonna say darian so your answer is adore and darius who deserves to go home tonight and why kennedy davenport i would have to say fame because clearly the struggle is real katya i would probably say fame because she's been in the bottom consistently over the past three or so weeks ginger minch i would have to agree and say fame i don't know how much more she has to offer trixie mattel fame she dropped the ball in her ugly look and her performance pearl i love her but you know i probably have to agree just based on not winning a challenge yet violet tchotchke you know trixie gets to come back in this competition and she should be looked at with a magnifying lens so i just feel like it should be tricksy all right miss fame i want to hear from you all these truth be told there's this part of pearls that's like too cool for season seven and that frustrates me because i'm fighting to stay and she knows what i'm talking about i don't know what she's talking about i don't think i'm too cool for season seven at all i'm actually really surprised to hear that from her who deserves to click their hills and go back to kansas starting with chi chi devayne i'm sorry derrick but your outfit to me was just a train wreck bob the drag queen based off this challenge i would pick derek as well naomi based on execution i would probably say derek's too derek well i would say all three that said me but i know i have to pick one i would say chi-chi's it's hot glued together it's cut fabric with no detail what say you robbie turner chi-chi's didn't scream dorothy to me kimchi i love her but i'm going to say chichi only because yesterday everyone's just working hard she was just sitting there and those are the times that she could have spent on her outfit sorry sergey thor you're up kimchi you literally said every word that i was gonna say i think in this competition you have to apply every single second and i'm here to win so people like chichi piss me off yes i did have extra time because i did hot glue my outfit but i did what was in my range of doing but that's how they feel so i respect y'all's opinion who deserves to go home tonight and why trinity taylor just from your critique that would be charlie peppermint same question based on the critiques charlie charlie height peppermint's look is a bit more basic so peppermint cynthia lee fontaine because i believe she's a strong competition for me and her total look peppermint all right eureka you're up i would say trinity i feel like the ending wrap up might have been a little more controlled if we worked as a group and i also felt like she was focused on herself and not really so much of everyone else i call shade i take responsibility for the things that i did wrong and if that's the reason why i should go home then i understand but don't tell me that i didn't do my job as a leader because i did and i included everybody including you eureka well i was asked my honest opinion and that's my honest opinion and i stand beside it all right nina trinity because she was a captain but she did her job it's just that we didn't we feel a part of it sometimes who deserves to go home tonight and why starting with eureka oh gosh honestly maybe asia o'hara because she's my biggest competition to be honest monet exchange um taking into account snatch game and tonight's assignment mermaid eleganza i would have to say the vixen fixing i have never seen such a level of unprofessionalism as i have watching eureka and it baffles me that you guys enjoy her so much it has really been very difficult working in an environment with her because she takes all the air out of the room she's always the one who get the last word in my defense i tell everyone all the time i'm sorry that i'm loud and i'm sorry i'm too much but you don't try to stop being loud or try to stop being too much you're like i'm sorry but this is who i am deal with this it's also a strength of mine when it comes to the confidence and acting but what i've seen from eureka is i'm the one who's getting all the attention in the room which to me is very childish which i guess is why the characters that she played has worked for her because she's a child i'm sorry that she feels that way but i will say one more thing again getting the last one i'm sorry but i can't let her sit there again and literally verbally attack me yes i do talk too much and i'm expressive and animated but i'm also extremely kind and i'm full of love because i know that sometimes i have a lot to deal with but i can't change that and i try i try to be understanding of people but i can't you weren't attacking me in front of people that i want to have respect for my art when i really have tried everything i can to be as kind as i can to vixen that's all i'll say i'm sorry all right thank you ladies all right asia because i'm an adult and although i've grown to love her and she's my sister i think the vixen has the most room for growth monique i love her so much but i would say the vixen um basing it solely on the challenge she had the weakest character out of them all and um she is kind of just plateaued and what say you acquire the vixen with the way she's interpreted some of the challenges who should go home tonight and why katrina michaels i think that all of these girls are strong so i'm going to say my biggest competitor should go home and that is aquaria you filthy yard i say send all the home you got the winner right here if i was gonna pick one i would go on critiques and as far as the worst i think it was miss cracker miss crumbs based on critique cracker and cameron are in the bottom i have a bias cameron should go home [Music] sabatina frankly rue i don't give a about your critiques but i wasn't obsessed with the looks tonight and i think this might be cameron's final hurrah in north korea i am not going to decorate it with pretty words and i'm also not going to send someone home because they're my competition if the is my competition let her stay here the person that i do not think is a star in this lineup is miss cracker or miss crumbs [Music] who should go home tonight [Music] and why starting with plastique tiara just based on the critiques my sister scarlett envy all right raja if it were my choice i would send scarlet a lot of the time when i was losing my way well well i won't blame her for some of the mistakes that i made but scarlet i would have to also say scarlet just based on what has happened nina west i would also say scarlet i will say this though nobody has worked harder so i think that should be noted scarlett who should go home tonight [Music] i can't say any of them but i'm not going to say me [Music] so who should go home i guess raj has been in the bottom a lot who should go home tonight and why start with evie oddly silky is the one girl who's gotten the same critiques a few times and hasn't ever polished out the things that you want to see from her scarlet envy well it came out in the work room today so silky knows i guess already nina west based on critique tonight i'm going to have to say evie oddly suga unfortunately silky just cause the critiques that you've given her you've given her before and today was an opportunity for her to really pay attention to those and execute and it didn't happen curia i'm going to have to say evie and that's based on overall growth at this point it should be only elevation how do you drive important silky's outfit was the least polished on the runway tonight silky i would choose evie as america's nest dress superstar you have to be kind to people and she has not been the most kind of the most nice soju i would also have to say evie because i don't think her drag is on the level of everyone else in the toxics vangie based on tonight i would say evie just because i feel like she kind of left her sister a little behind ariel i would also have to say silky just based off the critiques brooklyn i would have to say silky i just didn't think the look was finished and i just don't think there's a great family resemblance plastic i agree silky just fell short who should go home tonight and why uh oh we'll start with jada ciao i would just have to say heidi because the runway look could have been stepped up britta same question the character that i didn't really understand that well out of all the girls was nikki's all right heidi i feel like the girl who has struggled the most is nikki all right crystal method i'd have to say [Music] nikki nikki doll what say you due to the challenge i would say myself i do believe that i could have been able to be whittier in my own language i have to translate what you say all right so if it wasn't you that you choose which of these other girls would you choose um i'll need you to the runway i would have to say heidi let's start with jackie cox if one of us has to go home i laughed the least at widows jen who do you think should go home tonight i would have to say widow as well all right jada i would also have to say widow gigi i agree with my sisters i would say widow all right sherry widow heidi what say you this is hard say it she's one of my best friends here and it's tearing me up to say this this is solely based off the video with us all right so widow who do you think should go home tonight and why [Music] the only other video i saw that was as bad as mine was jan's all right crystal i've known widows since i started doing drag i didn't see widow in that video i would have to say widow okay ladies one more thing before we go i would like to hear from each and every one of you which one of your sisters should go home tonight and why starting with bobo i feel so uncomfortable right now uh i'm just gonna base it on the runway i would say lemon because it just looks messy i'm sorry alona verley who should go home tonight and why i would also say lemon because i feel like wearing that is not the one in my opinion as well as yours um so i would say lemon tonight i'm gonna say based on the runway i would also say lemon because i feel like we've all put like a lot of work and everything and hers isn't up to par i'll also have to say lemon i like lemon but i don't like that outfit rita becca i would say ilona because i thought she was playing herself during the challenge priyanka based on the maxi challenge and the runway in my opinion i think alona verley lemon i would also have to say alone of early tonight based on the maxi challenge and the runway as well thank you ladies we have a lot to consider you may untuck in the work room while we deliberate. - real rap we don't with facades came from nothing but i beat the odds pretty queen tings with young nick minaj queen vu paul carson miss versade [Music] mother monster has arrived wait a second holy balls it's lady gaga like the real one [Applause] holy i'm on rupaul's drag race season nine and lady gaga is in the same room as me i can't tell you i have been the closest to death and you've pulled me out of it and you don't even realize what you do for people and how much you inspire people like me and all of us and i just want to tell you you're so amazing and i never thought in the world i would ever meet you and i think you're so incredible i'm so sorry i think you're so incredible oh welcome back to the miss charisma uniqueness nerve and talent pageant in this next category our contestants return to the stage wearing their very best lady gaga drag first up peppermint grammy awards 2016. if it ain't broke don't fix it ground control to major time giving you gaga bowie realness because the entire point of drag is to give the middle finger to rules of gender i have nothing to say i'm going to be speechless this whole time wham bam thank you ma'am [Laughter] next up valentina the cfda awards that was new glare when nicola for machete was there i am wearing the look she wore for the cfda awards i definitely see myself a bit in lady gaga because she carries herself with grace and glamour but i always want to add valentina flair to what i do i brought my sister as my date we were both on the red carpet like a bunch of pissed off new yorkers some things never change darling paparazzi love her next up eureka the telephone video yes guilty as charged i decided to do the telephone look i just want to give them something big and glamorous and kind of risky couture got my titties on my chin cinch pull and tuck honey that's the d great choice darling i believe that was jean de questa valjack who made that garment oh you say that to all the queens next up charlie hides grit awards 2010. that's a lace front wig i believe i believe it is i think yes i've chosen to wear the outfit that lady gaga wore for the 2010 brit awards i've done lady gaga hundreds of times on youtube and i think i'm pretty polished so i'm fairly confident philip tracy made this for mcqueen and he gave it to me because i was doing a tribute to him don't be a drag be a mcqueen next up pheromone the alejandro video pray and slay oh my god look at her cross i look exactly like lady gaga in my alejandro music video look and i'm rocking my real hair and i really hope that lady gaga lives for it the attitude in the face is really good and the makeup is on point because stephen klein and i had an argument about i thought it was too much makeup in this scene don't cross this queen everybody needs a version to sacrifice can i get an a-man next up sasha velour the applause video do i have something on my face i'm wearing my favorite look that she has ever done a pro clown high art pat mcgrath makeup it is the place where art and pop meet it's going to be hard for this not to be one of my favorites what do you live for gaga the applause [Laughter] painted for the gaga alexis michelle the golden globes best actress realness when i saw gaga at the golden globes in this gown i said she's wearing alexis michelle's body so here i am body curve swerve and trophies yay versace made this for me that is not easy to make that bodice that way wonderful job darling and thank you for bringing my globe with you it's versace snatching trophies shay coulee monster ball tour paws up baby my lady gaga look it's ethereal powerful yet gentle and serene and it mixes engineering and fashion this reminds me of the film that nick knight did with the yellow electric uh urine blonde urine blonde is my screen name on scruff it is that's my password on netflix trinity taylor american horror story hotel yes countess yes this look speaks to me because i love darkness and glamour and vampires and lady gaga was so seductive and sexy and brilliant in the show trinity a little club soda will take that right out no they say that if you use your own spit the enzymes break down the blood so good to know thank you this competition is cutthroat kimura black lady gaga on the go this is the versace phase i'm giving a look that gaga wears to like the airport i think picking out what she's done for red carpets is so predictable and it's so like all right done those boots they remind me of the pleasers that i used to get off of um hollywood boulevard yep no if's answer butts about it no ma'am james mansfield the cover of vogue oh i am serving you gaga on the cover of vogue my drag is campy and different so i'm giving you lady gaga and slumberland i look amazing if they don't like this dress don't blame me blame marc jacobs oh she's a little sleepy it's marc jacobs she's narcoleptic she's actually not wrong either because i was so tired the day that we did that shoot that that's probably what i look like in between shots cover girl put some gel in your hair nina benina brown vmas 2009 oh my god yes mcqueen yeah this was one of the biggest nights of my life i'm serving you the black version of lady gaga a lot of hips a lot of ass and a lot of sass i can't see how lady gaga is reacting because i can't see anybody i just love the expression in her face when she wears this outfit you know you can tell she's happy oh no she's on the edge of horry up next aja come to garcon now where did i park my car for my lady gaga look i'm wearing a remake of her come de garcon look that she wore to show that beauty has no shape you know i wore this because the media was saying i was fat and i knew this archive so i called calm de garcon and i asked him if we could wear it it's such an excellent choice and very slimming it's all about the waist ladies you represent the tops and the bottoms of the week now before the judging begins i have an announcement tonight there's one more queen i'd like to add to this competition [Music] we have enough we already got eureka from last season oh my god y'all are killing me a queen we all know and love please welcome back to the main stage pheromone [Music] you have to bring pharah another season 9 girl i'm like wait a minute pheromone got some work done [Music] you look beautiful in every single way thank you tell me why do you deserve to return to the competition i only have one thing to say [Music] my queen say hello to the one and only christina aguilera i want to like run on stage and like grab her and touch her but i know security will probably check me so that's why i didn't make that move christina you may join the other judges come on over baby not only do i live for christina aguilera but i live for christina aguilera i'm going to tell you one thing about season 10. when you think you know what's going on you don't know nothing i have never been this close to a famous person in my life and i am beside myself girl it is christina aguilera i have a serious question as a super fan yeah when are you gonna bring out some new music because yes what is this we've been playing every time something comes out and you know how the blogs and everything i'm like they leaked something i'm like this on top of it i know i know i promise promise promise it's coming the first song i ever did in drag was fighter that's a good one can i ask a question so was that about someone because i'm reading the lyrics girl you read him for the back when you said you tried to take a joyride and it came down in flames i said [Applause] she read him no alimony yeah he deserves it so inspiring who is puerto rican because you know i might be related let him take me too infatuated i know i know it was heartbreaking because i found out he played for your team not [Applause] mine so what has been your favorite part about this like how about this for what advice would you give to us entertainers for our future careers that's wonderful that are about to take off i think you guys already know you're doing it i mean just keep living wow i am so in awe and inspired by everything i'm i'm seeing today and we all have come from some journey i'm sure we've all had like a painful place or a struggle or something and i think that's really relevant and that's a part of my music and a part of where i come from being taken advantage of created fighter you know growing up in this business at a young age and you could just imagine being around older men a lot and dishonest people and it's really hard once you do obtain a certain level of success you can become jaded and you can see certain people around you change and that can make you change and feel guarded or shut down and weird but i think as long as you keep remembering who you are as a person keep remembering the good and the good around you then nothing can stop you yeah well welcome to the drag race family christina thanks guys [Music] [Applause] are you serious for the second time you're gonna do this i guess she's gonna give me a freaking heart attack i think miley cyrus is the most adorable little thing i love her let me get that dress miley cyrus is here hey y'all do i look different from earlier honey i cannot believe this transformation is everything i look like a truck and i look like i love it i love this show i love being here yeah we've been watching since season one but now everybody else watching too because it's all mainstream i just i loved that i got to see everyone before i love that because it's so fun for me to watch your art miley i appreciate your words so much you're just encouraging and everything and like everything that you say is just so clear to me you know what i mean like resonance i love individuality i love people being who they are and i think no matter what the judges think you have to be happy you have to be comfortable you have to love what you're in and i mean i would rather have pride and have dignity than to go out there and be something i'm not and why would you go show the world someone else because when they go to the show they're going to go who is that you know who is that yeah and so i think no matter what you should try to allow people at home to see themselves in you and no one sees themselves in perfection because nobody is and if they're pretending and they're fake and they know inside how they really feel they know they got this yeah they're fake and you don't want to be fake you'd rather be real and you know today none of us are doing the job we don't want to do at least we're doing i mean our feet hurt but besides that it's not that hard live y'all true we got to get cute pig i got to get in this front thing cause i'm short someone hide my vagina she out thank you [Music] [Laughter] i got one question for you yes uh-oh would you buy me a cheeseburger we will we will we will we will you gonna buy me a cheese [Music] welcome to the main stage of rupaul's drag race she's got that super bass michelle passage darling did you use the wrong door did i i mean i came in where the queen was supposed to come in through i think you're supposed to be over here please don't tell me i did something wrong i don't want to get in trouble by rude oh she's coming hold on okay we're doing great nicki i'm curious what would your i'm that rap sound like okay i would say something like this first i'm that i'ma only say it one time i body all these with just one rhyme chew em up spit them out like it's gum time chinese bangs ponytail in the bun time fat ass in my titty state perky bad ass but i'm still a little quirky american expressed in my berkey if he got a real big d he could hurt me real rap we don't with facades came from nothing but i beat the odds pretty queen tings with young nick minaj queen vu paul carson miss versade i love it i love it oh my gosh that's what i would say and my everything ariana grande this is the best day of my life i'm not lying so glad you're here thank you this week we challenged our queens to re-enact the mystery of merle ginsburg tonight they're ready to murder the runway and their death becomes her ensembles gentlemen start your engines and may the best woman win now katya something seems really fishy here i think we're gonna need a bigger boat i'm summoning up my best tara reed in sharknado i've got the stringy blonde hair and i'm feeling the shark week fantasy they both have fabulous mouths yes and they both unhinge at the jaw ginger minge looks like she suffered a grisly death ah i am serving you baby bear realness honey i give a little spin i strike a little pose i give a little growl somebody's got their claws done she's bringing bear back you go growl laguardia newark kennedy davenport kennedy fried chicken is she a chicken or kiddie that's a girl after night of hooking i got a tape and thrown in the fire and crystallized so i come out a fierce glamazon drag queen on it a morality tale do not go to tijuana for your plastic surgery now max oh ready the ghost of drag present i'm doing a jilted lover she's stuck in purgatory as a ghost because she committed suicide by cutting out her own heart it's very tragic you know a little club soda will take that right out now that's a heart-stopping look organ donor realness candy hoe queen of the damned i want to smell your weave i am feeling fierce right now just a sexy vampire i think she was fang banged to death if she's lucky kristen stewart is eating her heart out miss fame oh i wonder what's running through her head right now living i've been captured by the bride of the man that i've been having an affair with and got me with a blade through the skull she's got a splitting headache the last time i'll eat it benihana pearl oh my safe word is whiplash walking's difficult with the new legs i'm feeling like all of my bones are gonna give out at any given moment and some poor janitor is gonna have to sweep up my cremains you should really stop at the second facelift yeah it's quite enough at least she had the ribs removed jaden you're fierce orange is the new drag i think she's looking really ripped well had happened was i got put in jail and then i tried to escape to go see my baby daddy and i didn't quite make it over that fence it is criminal to look that good uh-huh she rises from the dead once a month to meet her parole officer violet tchotchke oh my god i'm numb from the waist down tuck included i really could die i'm giving you realness she's got a smaller waist than barbie oh don't sneeze honey it's all gonna pop amazing work one of my favorite new recording artists lizzo is here girl how you feeling feeling good as hell this week we challenged our queens to transform social media kings into members of their own drag family and working as pairs they put together a diy video of my song charisma uniqueness nerve and talent gentlemen don't do it miss vangie don't do it don't do it okay all right gentlemen start your engines and may this woman win category is drag family values first up age o'hara and america o'hara finally a jacket that goes with anything yes birds of a feather flock together i have instructed america your goal is to outdo me so she's flipping her hair side to side she's waving at the judges and every time i look over at her she is having a blast and that's what i want i am just loving the fact that this is being the star that she is it's my coat of many colors up next eureka and your freakoff oh peek-a-boo looks like the judds have a brand new look is an homage to 90s pageantry and we're telling a story we are sisters i am the uppity glamorous one trying to teach my sister how to act right and your freaking is feeling her honey bunches of oats and that's what eureka does on the runway so your freaking is doing eureka proud i thought it was that twin that never developed oh yes yes yes yes she started out as a thumb up next aquaria and capriciocorn the red queens she bought that in the rust belt yes she did yes capricia corn and i are slathered up in some beautiful red regal couture what is more regal than a little faux ermine i'm a queen and capricia corn is my beautiful princess and we are serving it up for our royal subjects i'm feeling so proud of capresia corn her runway walk was what she was most nervous about but she is strutting down like she is the only naomi campbell same cycle ms cracker and miss cookie oh nature's glorious oh come on courtney starting we're giving house of miz today which means pink blonde and archdick is proud mother dirty daughter and cookie is behaving her worst i'm so proud of her cookie is twerking she's twirling she opened the oatmeal container pulled out all of the oats individually and felt them all she can't get enough of herself you have to pick it up oh yeah oh oh they're butterflies metamorphosed metamorphosis up next monet exchange and show change oh break it up break it up that's right y'all labels y'all i always forget which one's tia which one's tamara big hair don't care girl it is a friday night we just got paid we don't even go home and shower i'm taking her out it's miss short changes 21st birthday we both got our glasses on because we got to see the ugly dudes at the club and she's so excited yeah short chair there's a living room out girl she is feeling it and at the end of the day that is all that matters period they got their reading glasses on time to go back to the library cameron michaels and kelly michaels disco queens yes sir i can boogie girls trip to reno kelly and cameron are those sisters that just want to go out and dress up have some drinks and twirl a little bit our hair is short and sassy and fun and our outfits are very shiny and metallic i feel like a proud sister kelly and danny minogue i think one of them has been drinking i think you're right [Music] we walk in and i see the scruff pit crew eve and trina it's like walking in to play chess with bobby fischer yeah you're going to your pants a little bit welcome pantyhose yeah it's time for the solos bianca del rio road track my name is bianca i'm from the deep south oh them can't handle my sassy ass mouse you like that i made that up today now it's time for your wyatt so give it to us wide and sassy yes wide and sassy that was my name in prison and the stunning normani how are you feeling rude i got a bad case of loving you and honey that ain't no cure and a pop icon who is forever my girl the one and only paula abdul hi baby i'm so happy to be here now did you know that you were the most lip-synced artist in the history of drag race that's fantastic news i feel honored let's meet the new rue crew first up trinity taylor and glitter for days ladies and gentlemen the cheetah girls glitter for days looks like a true tailor this tuck is fierce i think the store's all out of aquanet are we sure this is first time [Laughter] chez coulee and bay coulee oh it's beyonce and salon [Music] i am terrified this runway is a bit of a disaster but i help my sister the best i can and get my ass off that runway looks like a pump yes it does alexis michelle and ryan stardust it's like barbarella to me i hear they both give good headbands those glutes are made for stomping my little sister and i's are defying gravity in outer space judy justin and her sister booty jesse nina bonita brown and ariana benina brown i wonder where she's got her carrot from head to toe we have the ears the teeth and the face we are s m bunnies you know fierce i can see a little hair you get it yeah that's a bunny reference this is her hair she don't wear wear [Music] sasha velour and donatella velour that hat is on my bucket list where two east coast sisters in the 1940s looking to make it big in hollywood i think these are really really fashionable looks and donatella looks beautiful no wait wait a minute that look really says something what label horse peppermint and wintergreen the sleeve though yeah i think she's got a trick up her sleeve sleever alone we're sashing we're shantang and miss wintergreen she's feeling it i'm like okay girl she's sleeping on the midnight train to georgia you're the best job in the world this is so fun the time has come for you to lip-sync for your job just kidding [Music] [Music] oh heels everybody clap [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Laughter] welcome ladies it's time for the judge's critiques first up trinity taylor and glitter days the family resemblance is hard to deny and you did the most intricate choreography yeah so impressive i can barely walk in those shoes let alone like dance glitter for glitter if i didn't know better it looked like you've been doing this for a minute but beyond i think having a great partner it's about how you communicate and guide and i think this was probably the tightest presentation is that code for tuck yes exactly how's your tuck holding up the pain is real the pain is real now what do you think you're going to take from this experience i'm going to take this tape off up next shae kool-aid and here is bay kool-aid i love the dresses like kind of old-school hollywood glam but there's something about this attention to detail and about paying attention to your sister they when she turns around you can see her hairline her bra straps are hanging out the back it felt like you know there's the star sister and then there's the other sister oh i hate that it came across like you know bae was an afterthought i think shae did a great job i'm proud to be your sister up next alexis michelle and ryan stardust your browser glitter that's awesome the nails scream i am a big voluptuous but the outfits are kind of real basic it feels a little bit like a ricky's halloween costume in a bag look we're intergalactic can we have some candy you know look how close we are to the end here it's time to really dig in up next nina bonina brown faye baker and ariana bonina brown well i love animals so i think it's really cute i really do now was it challenging doing this drag transformation in front of your co-workers no in fact the teams were so sweet the art department they made little tags that said team team aaron you know what i mean so well we always say a family that drags together slays together but this is kind of a you know let down for me it's you out here in a leotard with thigh high boots and not really doing anything innovative i was screaming for a little cotton tail or a little colored glove or something just to bring this to this so there wasn't such a disconnect here and then with the performance too i thought was a little bit underwhelming i'm so excited about what you bring to this competition nina but i need you to bring it at a 10. up next sasha velour and donatella velour this looks so high fashion looks like mew mew on acid the proportion of the dress and the coat and all these pops of color i really really loved it now donatella there is something that you're doing it's strangely turning me on i learned it from watching you dear up next peppermint and wintergreen gorgeous i know [Music] [Laughter] wintergreen your face it's just really fun to look at you're just so funny i don't know why but you're like beautiful but like you make me [Music] what is it dear [Music] [Music] but the outfits clash so horribly i don't even want to look at him in the same frame but guess what i don't care because you were so fun to watch and peppermint you should thank wintergreen because she was the one who pulled you through now wintergreen do you think you'll ever do drag again who knows season 10 [Music] all stars thank you ladies and to my crew standing on stage to see you men do this it says that we as a people are moving forward and it's beautiful thank you from the bottom of my heart now while you ladies untuck backstage the judges and i will deliberate welcome all stars now it's time for the judge's critiques starting with ms kraka hello hello miss joslin opal rose that's right okay she's got a lot of nerve showing up here after all that it looked like you had 47 cats and may live in your car it was really fun it was messy it was it just we knew exactly who this person was i thought you were really into it it was hilarious overall tonight from the barbecue monologue to both of the outfits you're actually my favorite i love this dress by the way what is the top made out of it's some kind of seat belt material for hauling cars or some kind of rope it seems like stuff for straight people [Laughter] it looks really beautiful and it looks really fashion and your makeup is gorgeous all the way down to the details of the um shuttle shuttlecocks um on your feet it's really really thoughtful since the drag gods are watching i should say one thing some of the support that i got and someone that was a cheerleader for the people in the room was uh shay thank you ms cracker thank you up next jujube hello hello the first line of your monologue was hilarious because that's basically my life like sorry i'm late i didn't want to come it was hilarious the character that you wrote was really funny and the outfit matched the character the hat was ridiculous where do you find a hat with the brim there's this guy that i kind of hang out with and he had the hat and i borrowed it aha i think he got it from italy aha came in a huge box it sure did nice melons by the way let's talk about the dress though this is tablecloth all the melons that you see came from this mat i think this is very pretty but um the same details on both sides are a little bit wonky um when you turned on the runway that was kind of a little bit of a giveaway i hate this challenge but i'm very proud of myself because i actually made a dress and i also received help from shay and um i'm very grateful so thank you shay oh i love you thanks thank you juju thank you roo i declare it's blair sinclair hi darlene hi how are you so your character i appreciated the gaytona 500 moment your look was really great but for me all in all it wasn't a knee slapper i wasn't dying of laughter i felt a lot of lulls in the room it needed to be trashier for me didn't really sell the character um this runway look i do see that you put that was that like a lawn chair webbing yeah that's what i want to have on the hem to give it some movement but also like weigh it down it's looking a little messy to me i can tell when you were walking that something was undoing back here because you were kind of like holding it in and if you're gonna do that hair i say go for it i think it needs either some gloss or like just make it look either slicked or make it look dry it's kind of in between i actually love the debbie harry vibes like the blondie vibes i just think you're so beautiful and like i really love your makeup like i would love for you to do my makeup thank you blaia thank you up next shay coulee hello uh shayquida yes but you can call me little kiki little kiki i thought your play cousin couture moment um was really great immediately we had something to relate to with the grand drea from your season from 90210 i thought that was genius loved your monologue it was hilarious you had the bag of chips when you ate one of the chips like i couldn't stop watching you tonight on the runway you took a different approach to the picnic attire i think it's fun i think it's different i think it's really fresh because it has a story to it like i would wear this like i think it's dope those are the shuttle across the sweetheart neckline and i just found out that y'all called these shuttlecocks uh-huh yeah i grew up in a christian household we called them birdies we weren't playing with no up in our backyard the only thing maybe it's a there's a lot going on maybe i would have made it a tiny bit less busy but it's still really cool all right thank you obviously you are the si one of the seamstresses of the bunch yeah because it sounds like you had enough time to not only make a couture garment but also to help everybody else why not i just think it's really important that as like queer people that we all act as family i understand that this is a competition but if one of us looks good all of us look good thank you shay bam alexis matteo i loved this look tonight because when you came out here i knew right away those were solo cups and the hair is very you and then of course the big reveal you have never seen a dress with a kiddie pool built into it like i wasn't expecting it to happen then when it happened i was like that's the best thing ever like i screamed i would say that this look really floods both your basement and mine [Laughter] but i don't love the the way this mermaid kind of hemline is working because it's really cutting off your lower half into another half so the proportion is a little wonky for me the uh character in the beginning i know how funny you are and i felt a little let down by her the dress was plain and bright green and then the reveal to the hair was really small i just felt like it was kind of flat i wish she would have kept the pink wig on i didn't like the red wig i just like the pink wig i thought that it was a great idea but then there wasn't quite enough there for me to sink my teeth into thank you ladies i think i've heard enough we are at the point in the competition that if you're not the top you're in the bottom based on the judge's critiques i've made some decisions [Music] ms cracker congratulations you are the top all-star of the week [Music] you've won a five night's day for two plus airfare at the lalit london in london in galen my favorite place in the world juju blair shea alexis you are the bottom all-stars of the week [Music] ms cracker you need to decide which bottom queen to send home if you win the lip sync against this week's lip sync assassin the rest of you need to vote for which bottom queen you think deserves the chop thank you ladies you may leave the stage category is very best drag first up asia o'hara ruffles have ridges bet you can't have just one i'd like to try i selected this look because i want to command the stage but still be soft and beautiful all eyes are on me and it feels like home i can only wish i was as stoned as she is right now yua hamasaki blue i feel very disgoing walking down the runway i'm giving you old school drag mixed with new school dress i feel confident i feel amazing she's stirring in a drag exploitation film charlie the new star pooty tank dusty ray bottoms like beetlejuice but sexy uh-huh i don't think she's wearing any pants it's my type of outfit wrong last week i got clocked for not editing my look this week she's perfect honey i'm kooky i'm clowny i look like a french supermodel she got out of jail see on a conjugal [Laughter] monique heart they say that eyes are the nipples of the face i didn't just come with one gig i came with two oh bam it's three-dimensional pop art it's rhinestone for the gods it's gagging my eyes are up here kalerie kardashian williams michael jackson's glove is back calorie is all about showing body she wants to wear things that big girls shouldn't be wearing and in this i feel yummy even with my tummy my body's right my ass is right from head to toe it's just right feed it i meant with a d beat it i like the jokes you have to spell out exactly ask your doctor what the donkey donks can do for you [Laughter] eureka speed racer chub chaser my best strike runway is i completely rhinestone and very sexy form-fitting cat suit it's got patchwork mermaid sequin and i run my fingers across my body and changes right from blue to fuchsia and i'm letting them know that i am big and sexy way to leave your mark [Laughter] aquaria if you like it you should put a couple rings through it my look on the runway tonight is hyper feminine but it's also very androgynous my nipples are out and i am unapologetically being me she tried scrubbing and soaking and still she has ring around the nostril up next to vixen yay honey she is flaming today my best drag runway is flames because everybody knows that i will burn this mother down we're gonna take your temperature you decide how is there an anal option this cracker package from his cracker oh i love a hairy box yes he doesn't it's hip to be square i feel so stunning in my trademark cracker look i made the hair myself i'm giving you old-fashioned elegance with a little futurism flash gordon metropolis ready to steal your heart keep it boxy [Laughter] mayhem miller that's where all the christmas wrapping went [Laughter] my look today is old hollywood glam i am serving you dorothy dandridge dynasty i just want to give you opulence honey i heard she drops the kids off at the tool if we hit a trap door [Laughter] i do declare it's blair sinclair why don't you come up and beat me sometime i'm wearing one of my absolute favorite pageant gowns my body is literally glittering i'm bringing regal elegance pageant extraordinaire and i just feel lovely the bottom is made out of a homosexual sasquatch [Laughter] cameron michaels so nice to see that she's come out of her cocoon what did you just call me [Laughter] i like my drag to live in an alternate universe and my best drag look is the butterfly queen from ferngully if there was one i am floating down the runway i'm trying to sell the full fantasy she's spreading her wings more like a metamorphosis monet exchange red for phil eat it up i have all these stones all these crystals on this cat suit i mean it weighs about 300 pounds but i feel and look incredible dorothy forget the slippers this is much better so she clicks her thighs together twice will she get to make a wish [Laughter] - joining us for her last lap as america's next drag superstar put your hands together for jinx monsoon hey jinx how's trixx tricks are for kids i'm america's next drag superstar for about 60 more seconds yes well well what's life been like since you snatched that crown well mother darling i got to do my original show the vaudevillians all across the world this year on my full feature documentary drag becomes him will come out this summer and i just released the inevitable album by jinx on monsoon [Laughter] so jinxy do you have any words of advice for america's next drag superstar well i highly suggest you revel in every single second of it mind your p's and q's and when the come for you let that bull be water off a mother duck well jinx your rain may be ending tonight but it will always be forever monsoon season thank you very much there are only six people on earth who know what it feels like to be crowned america's next drag superstar please help me welcome your reigning queen bianca del rio wow [Laughter] bianca del rio my queen how are you i'm good i'm like the tin man i don't have a heart but i'm good i want to know bianca what has this past year been like for you it's been absolutely unreal i've had this amazing journey i've been able to travel the world spread my hate do my thing i no truly i've been australia london amsterdam akron ohio places i never expected to visit it's been unreal and amazing and i have to say that because of this opportunity that this lady has given me it's changed my life so therefore i cannot thank you enough it's been amazing so respect it respect it thank you thank you bianca thank you america's training drag superstar violet tchotchke [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] wow violet what has your year been like my year has been incredible i've worked with some of the best people in the industry the fashion world the burlesque world the art world i've gotten validation people that i respected for years and years and years so it's been the most personally gratifying year of my life i'm so thankful to rupaul all the fans thank you from the bottom of my heart i love you guys thank you violet all hail america's reigning drag superstar bob the drag queen bob the drag queen welcome back it's time to hand over the crown uh i like to keep it on please what part of hand over the crown do you not understand so bob what was it like for you being america's next drag superstar this past year you get to travel the world and realize how many people you've actually touched and let me tell you i've touched a lot of people so what's next for you funny you should ask you can see my stand-up comedy special suspiciously large woman which will be airing on logo tv in the united states of america uh-huh and my cousin trilena will be selling bootlegs in the parking lot great good to know thank you bob the drag queen this next queen has dragged her charisma uniqueness nerve and talent around the globe and tonight she's back to crown a winner baby all hell our reigning queen sasha velour foreign [Music] sasha velour last season you won a lip sync battle that could only be described as a war of the roses what has this past year been like for you absolutely out of this world amazing in all seriousness i've been able to travel and meet queer people all around the world inspired by this show to keep fighting and thriving it's inspirational i love that thank you sasha now as america's next drag superstar this queen has made a splash around the world in fashion magazines in cosmetic campaigns and on the pink carpet at the met gala and tonight she's back home to crown a winner baby all hail our reigning queen aquarius [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] wow aquaria what has the past year been like for you i mean ever since winning drag race i have had the pleasure to fly all around the world which has been just so incredible and i couldn't be more grateful what words of advice do you have for america's next drag superstar always find an element of happiness in whatever you do throughout your day if you're not doing that you're not loving yourself and by element of happiness you mean the d right yes yes yes yes thank you aquaria rupaul's drag race has never had a winner as freaking fabulous as our reigning champion straight from denver colorado the not so straight evie oddly um let me go throw on my good sweatpants [Music] it's since winning season 11 my life has been a non-stop whirlwind of excitement i've been on all the best carpets i've stormed every catwalk i've met the most amazing people been invited to some incredible openings most of all the experience has given me a whole new outlook actually roo i've been stuck at home just like everyone else but before that i was meeting fans working the world headlining at rupaul's drag race live in vegas living life like never before this year has been so oddly blessed and i'm super grateful and to our new queen congratulations and get set for the ride of your life - hey girl when i found out that i was going to be on all stars i was through the roof raspberry raspberry raspberry [Music] did somebody order a hooker [Music] my biggest weakness last time was that i truly didn't believe in myself this time around it's going to be different because i'm fabulous i'm the truth motherfu get those nuts away from my face [Music] ow like that latrice  you look gorgeous you look gorgeous pandora box you look stunning in her black and white she stepped it up girl i want to know who they're going to bring up in here it's a lot of attitudes and a lot of divas pandora not we are miss continuality so i'm waiting to see what  lurk behind the door [Music] baby i'm an all-star i'm jarrah sofia swallow it oh oh oh almost burned my ass rainier than ever miss congeniality i don't think you have enough jewelry  i look like that puerto rico's very own gel barbie [Music] to be part of the chosen few i feel very privileged when i competed last time everybody thought i was this arrogant  i am beautiful hello hello [Applause] do you like it it's a little something something girl that  has on everything something subtle for the daytime i've got a sassy attitude wit humor i am an allstar i'm a man in a dress i'm a psychological one let's do this  i know the four queens sitting there as i walk in are thinking this  looks good love your dress raven walked in from a cocktail party it looks like thanks for trying girl [Music] bam  alexis mateo is back bam bam bam i'm a [Music] [Applause] look at you all crossdressers looking cute i'm hoping to achieve the crown that's the only thing that i didn't achieve on season four cher is here i spread lemaire on my toast in the morning i'm cher  happy hunger games  all right competition's on hold on i'm getting a call in my bluetooth it's sharon yeah you what you want to give me my hundred thousand dollars back watching chad play with his little earrings i'm thinking this  is kind of bitter [Music] i am an all-star because i'm the fiercest drag queen around gag don't try for me filipinos yes see this is how you do drag girls as soon as manila was in the room i still know that manila is annoying oh i'm so glad you covered up your face [Music] i think i could win all-stars because i'm a well-rounded fierce queen this time around i will not pick nobody up it's time for america to see who i really am ah life is like a paycheck a generous figure is always nice [Music] why someone's got to go home first i think people are surprised to see me but i look good i didn't want season one because i needed to be here to win all-stars you have made this competition so much better by being a part of it [Music] i love it needle flowers is a legend i just love to look at nina she's like eye candy  were making history [Music] i'm jujube i love long walks on the beach big and fried chicken i'll read a  legendary looks like leg and dairy get my gist [Music] jujubes here and she's looking hot in some red hair i miss you  i feel a little underdressed i look like i work at the mall compared to you guys you do girl oh  i'm tammy brown with an ie crazy sticks to me uh-huh like ribs i don't see you out there walking children in nature tootsie low hey lucas here i am a huge tammy brown fan and i love that little girl makes mcqueen [Music] you may remember me as the lovable russian hooker from season seven with a crippling anxiety problem but i'm back with a refillable prescription for xanax yowza babriham lincoln baby oil  you did a beautiful obscenity when do i get to blow them i can't say that during my season i feel like i held back out of fear whenever anything went wrong i wanted to jump off the hotel balcony but this time around i want to just spread my legs even wider [Music] well this is hauntingly familiar here we go again rehab is back in session my name is detox and i am from season five where i came in fourth oh gorgeous she is a hot mess i didn't get my tic tac lunch and i want it goddamn it hey ben i'm really excited to get to know katya because i think she's that crazy my ass looks good your ass always looks good did you get more pumpkins i've just gotten fat i'm here to put my face in that hall of fame give me that ground all wrong all right my name is alyssa edwards and i need i need i need i need i need to get up in this all-star gig baby i'm alyssa edwards representing season five and i was a lovely fifth alternate thank the lords above i'll back back back back again alyssa edwards realness cause i'm what sickness back rolls oh she has got her russian get up on i live that you're wearing a cape again you know i didn't know if i wanted to be goldilocks or little red riding hood alyssa edwards she looks just like she did when she walked in season five just with a little better hair and slightly less rolls good look at us get up in the mirror girl this is a really good picture okay okay you cannot have a conversation with alyssa if you're in proximity to a mirror even if like ed mcmahon had risen from the dead presenting her with a three hundred thousand dollar check one second one second it's nice to see that they regrouted the brick and no i was not talking about you that time oh she already started girl the shade is knee-deep already girl day one [Music] riddle me this riddle me that watch out girls this  is back i'm fifi o'hara and i'm playing a villain get it i mean i'll start where i left off you look good hi last time i had a lot of built-up anger and stuff in me and i didn't know how to handle situations tired-ass showgirl elise i am a showgirl  go back to party city where you belong after my season a lot of people had this perception of me so it was hard to get bookings people genuinely thought i would come and like cuss them out so it took a lot of work to show people that i'm professional i'm just really worried about kicking your ass off the show no no i've changed my ways no sabotaging this my drag has changed my makeup has changed i stopped tanning i want the world to see that i have changed [Music] come on all stars let's get this over with ribbit ribbit the glamour toad is in the building where in england are you from adele my house i flood my basement  ginger minge is back with a vengeance baby it's a whole new me you got opposed by this new competition oh my god it's good to see you diarrhea season seven got a lot of hate for being a lackluster bunch of girls so i am here to say naomi we are just as talented and worthy as the rest of these girls you look so much better with happier face cover oh wait i'm supposed to be nice this time everyone looks so beautiful i'm wearing a corset dough apparently all it takes to win is a corset so i bought one we'll edit that out we'll do though picking juices back  my name is roxy andrews and i still prep for the girls who are thick and juicy because even though i lost weight i'm always thick and juicy i don't care about 300 pounds or 200 pounds thick and juicy as roxy andrews i am so excited to be here today oh that ass bam so what has been your favorite moment throughout this competition seeing you in the bottom two on season five i let the competition get the best of me and i was playing messy so i have a lot to prove i can compete and win because i deserve it and not because i'm knocking people out by playing mind games oh yes mitch oh my god my baby roxy's here not the rotox when i saw detox i was like  we got to do this again that's my girl there's a lot of you season fives here that's funny because i think ford put it on the map oh i put it on the map but we just hit it out of the park okay you girls happy to see me [Music] the face crack of the century  that was sold three years ago yeah girl we had buried the hatch we've put it in the ground 12-foot undershin coming back out okay come on season 5 yes i am pokemon trees i was the lip sync diva of season five girl you look like the black pee-wee herman god look how orange you look i'm not joking  cause you got your doritos fantasy yeah let me see look how orange i look i'm not a joking  girl you're covering your face in that hat show them that pretty skin it ain't that orange girl that's custom couture made in a garage [Music] some girls don't change their makeup it's the same black eyeshadow and the same lipstick i am not gonna say no names roxy andrews [Music] my message for the human race is really quite simple [Music] i think i was chosen as an all-star because nobody can do alaska except alaska but i encourage you to try it's fine i just wrote anus lil pound cake enjoys being a straight up mother pig i will stand out from the rest of these queens because i am more all and i'm more star-like star-ish star-esque wow i just came from party city i have a groupon girl don't we look pretty yeah five from five girls high five season five all over last time i was here i was concerned about my relationship and how people were perceiving me and now it's just me and i'm focused and galvanized and ready to take the crown [Music] thank you morgan mcmichaels walks into the with that's not morgan my name is tatiana i placed fourth on season two of rupaul's drag race thank you thank you thank you this is spencer's bar me to pay for it tyra is the complete  kylie jenner she is fate i think the other queens are thinking all this is really right girl how excited are you to be back up in this gig i'm so ready you're the only two here tatiana might be the weakest link only because she's kind of like the old school she's from the old bastion you know drag race and drag has changed so much since her season come on season two let's get to pygmy come on through season two if they had watched season two they should know not to underestimate me because it doesn't really work out in the end thank you [Music] my name is george ilano and i'm a messy  i'm known for being really messy give me one that logo will actually sign off on oh okay because big dicks and chicken [Laughter] was very subtle i'm a libra lock my body are you cinched um i have a hog body right now i'm hood i'm from azusa i'll stab a  [Laughter] giving you smell my punani poetic justice realness adore cilantro my drug style today is a bit controversial i'm inspired by the grunge movement the riot girl movement of the 90s but a lot of people don't get that they'd like to say that i'm lazy about my drag but i love being a non-conformist i mean i can't crowd surf in a corset who's ready to make team maybe no please no teams up alone by myself that's how i roll [Music] that is such a waste that would have killed if someone was here i'm trixie mattel and i am the crownless drag superstar from season seven i came here to eclipse people with my talent but also with my hair there's nobody in here it's like a morgan michael's meet-and-greet i feel like in the real world i've been a real all-star but on drag race i was not an all-star happy y'all you went for the comedy gold but all we got was bronze i need to make amends for the fact that i came in here and just hit the cement and got dragged out like a dead body it's not about falling it's about getting back up [Music] i just farted hey kids daddy's home lady my dairy queen [Music] the milk fans will remember my outside of the carton see the joke there outside the carton thinking she's got a real nose for fashion hello hello hello thinking about wearing facial hair hope you're packed i don't regret anything that i did because it got me into a marc jacobs ad campaign it got me notoriety she was cover girl french vogue i cannot believe you showed up here [Music] i very much expected to see trixie here like myself she really proved that she was an all-star off the show but she sort of sucks in comparison to me wake up wake up wake up this ain't no dream i'm back to the bayou queen did it just get swampy in here i'm chi chi devine and y'all girls better get ready cause i'm ready i told you i stay ready my mama read who's hannah glama who doesn't like old smoked turkey nick baby you turned it completely out tell me why you're out here in a bathing suit with no corset and a belt i don't have the expenses to pay for something like this you don't need money girl that's never an excuse i was a trash bag queen that had a heart a goal and i just wasn't polished enough but this time i got my mind together i got my drag together it's all together girls hat coming off is this trash trash bags i thought garbage day was tuesday gigi's here and she wore garbage again and also trash bags that hat is your inner saboteur and i want you to let it go [Music] ow i think i just broke my ankle doing that my name is thorgy thor i was on season eight and i made top six or some of my enemies like to say bottom seven i'm colorful i'm fun and i'm the fashion clown woo i love everyone bob please shut up an issue i dealt with on season 8 is that i'm constantly distracted by everything but i think 50 of it was just because bob never shuts up and since the show i found ways to focus i think i'm going crazy oh there is one sorry that's gonna drive me insane yes yes yes yes oh god oh season a thorgy complained that she didn't win because it was the bob's show okay girl ain't no bob hill let's see what you got is this yours yes can i try that that's what you should have come in i have this i look pretty good for a dead  name is morgan mcmichaels i'm from reason two and i am here to rock this out of all-star season three babe you can't kill evil that easy she's a punk dude rock and roll baby i wonder what everyone's gonna look like out of drag i hope some of you are attractive boys like me go fix your hair i don't need to fix my mug  honey you do need to fix your mug on season two i was very blunt with my opinions and i still kind of have that to this day you know me sharp tongued hi hello beautiful morgan being here is definitely intimidating she's a workhorse she probably the only girl that works seven days a week in hollywood at every club so she's definitely gonna be one to be i feel like i'm thanking a veteran for their service because we wouldn't be here if you weren't from a country now what is this look it's my denim pinocchio look i'm here to inspire future challenges thing i'm not a big fan of his diva dumb i'm gonna have to smack that  down a little bit good cast so far who's gonna  it up ayo oh lord i have some unfinished business trixie sheets all your axe oh no you have to wait there i  it up every time my name is aja and i'm here to stop i'm sorry i am your makeup is a very dark she can walk out there in a diaper and they're like valentina your smile is beautiful i just don't feel like you should be miss congeniality walking into season nine i was thinking i was then i was gonna win and i was like oh yes i got this and then the challenges and the runways came along and i was like i don't look that good i'm not doing that good i'm not feeling that good and then i went home she got her lips done too i had my lips my cheeks my chin my skin i had botox in my forehead you're a dry queen who got more chin well  i didn't have one to begin with i was having like the alyssa edwards like season five chin like the non-existent one i kind of felt like the ugly duckling of season nine but i think in a weird way it really did benefit me to get criticized by the world i mean look at her i am hd ready there is no face tune here  they'll be telling me my smile is beautiful watch [Music] hi everyone it's me bendala krim again name is ben de la creme and i placed fifth on season six i am wearing a repurposed version of the gown that i wore where i was crowned season six miss congeniality i've just been sleeping in it and spooning my miss congeniality sash and weeping into my overstock gift certificate for the last four years bendle creme is terminally delightful excuse me we originated the language  store this time i'm here to get that crown that i didn't get the first time but i'm also here to show that you can win with kindness and integrity rather than be a  oh crap it's just an intervention how are you doing good how are you i'm very good ben you're still alive she sort of fell off the face of the earth for a while i thought she just grew a beard ran into the woods was sort of just terminally delightful to the squirrels how do you feel being back i was super nervous to come back wait why were you nervous because i was so fantastic the first time i was like how do i live ben de la creme's a little recycled you know we've seen it i mean the miss congeniality dress that  is out the door that was how many seasons ago like don't worry about trying to be that tried to get the crown [Music] uh-oh round two  [Music] i'm kennedy davenport from season seven the dancing diva of texas is back baby and i'm dancing my way to the top newark laguardia kennedy davenport i've been in this business for 17 long years i don't think the other girls are ready that is a opinion you either take it or you don't you know what i can be an adult and say that i may have been a little  sometimes but since the season things have changed i've grown where are my sisters in yeah [Music] [Applause] [Music] we have developed kind of a mother-daughter relationship i get compared to kennedy all the time you better come through whoville oh my god the look is white noise of ugly in fact it's very chichi i think kennedy is chichi from the future coming back to tell her she's not going to win all stars  they are the same person what's going on everybody i'm sorry i am just staring at my reflection i know don't get too blind honey well hello who could this be looks like the box got an upgrade and so did i hallelujah i'm bad  again hey i'm shangela baby i'm a double kind of hoe i was on season two and three you know what they say third time's a charm hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah he's so gay and he's so good they always say la quafa you have an irrepressible energy but can energy make up for a lack of experience [Music] i think the biggest misconception about my drag was that i wasn't trying hard and i swear girl y'all i was trying my hardest but come to find out you actually do need to know something about makeup and hair and costumes in order to be a full well-rounded queen oh what's up oh god if i hear hallelu one more damn time i cannot stand it she's a holly lunatic season two's in the house i was there too one day since season three you all know i stepped into high gear and became a true professional i've worked in television i've worked in film i have been able to headline my own show on the las vegas strip i'm not baby shinji anymore chad in alaska maybe make broom put me in that hall of fame so there's our two season two yep yeah let's do some more season five girls feel like there hasn't been enough miss phoebe [Applause] hello my beauties my name is bibi sahara banay and you may not recognize me but i am the very first crown queen of repulse drag race face face face aggie face beauty face cameroon the winner of rupaul's drag race is bibi kamarul is back [Music] honey the face the look the means miss money caught reclaiming my time reclaiming my crown rupaul with my check-it hello america your girl is back monica the heart of season 10 and kind of she is what brown cow studies on the first one now facts are back swirl when beyonce walks into the room you know she's there i know i'm that girl and uh uh uh my issue on season 10 was not talent where other queens have a large repertoire of drag to choose from i came to this competition with glitter and jesus there's my giraffe you said giraffe but i got brown cows stunning since season 10 the good lord made sure that i shimmy good enough to pay the designer honey and now that money and costumes are not the issue that crown is mine who's the next  [Music] yes the body is back i'm trinity taylor top four from season nine did i say trinity taylor sorry i just feel like trinity taylor's so boring i am trinity the tuck and this tuck has teeth before season nine i was old school pageant the body girl it was a huge surprise to me that i could do comedy my name is stanky the starfish i'm addicted to speed too this time i'm confident that i'm the whole package i made it to top four the last time and now i'm here to win i am a super queen just tell me what this look this is all your eyes  come through the house i'm made of plastic might as well wear plastic  trinity is ultra fierce competition and i thought she was winning season nine i really did so the pressure is on you can't spell legendary without leg my name is naomi legs of season eight come on legs you know when this tall  walks through the room exactly who she is she's glowing she's shining she's flexible she's on the stilts naomi is a fashion girl she's fierce very osmopolitan i just thought it was perfection america's first drag president must speak at [Music] sorry it's all about attitude am i look at you as a model you're gonna take great photos but that does not take talent even though i made it all the way to the top three a lot of people still think i'm just a tall pretty fashion model so i'm gonna seize this opportunity to show the world that i'm not just this beauty queen there's only one crown and it's mine damn her ways thank you i don't really know what to expect of naomi she's beautiful young creative but naomi doesn't have a very big personality and you either stand out or you get out thank god you're pretty [Music] guess who's black in the house  i am one exchange of season 10 your current reigning fiscal congeniality i am here to slay and until i smash that crown a  brought her own soak it up  exchanged monet is on in season 10 i thought i was going all the way and i was really surprised that i didn't win any challenges the looks seem homemade really sloppy if i could go back in time one thing that i would change for my season would be my rickety crickety runways girl so i could have some challenge wins i want a challenge win yeah nasty queen i'm excited to see my season 10 sister i feel like both of us have something to prove but this is all stars for a black jumpsuit like a leotard it's not stunning hail mary step aside boys cause the real queen is here my name is giagan i'm from season six and this fresh tilapia is now seasoned gscc crazy cuckoo are you in a white snake video i'm feeling my oath i'm darian leigh my god there's room for everybody i could tell that you're the feisty one absolutely there's still a big percentage of the world who thinks of geogun as the absolutely let me feel my old shady character but since season six i did a huge self-discovery and drag was the gateway for me to realize that i am not a man that dresses up as a woman i'm a woman that participates in the art of drag you all got the same look no she got a crown of thorns on that means we about to crucify her real soon it feels amazing to be back in the work room as the proud trans woman that i am so get ready because she's here yes god thank god i didn't add any more roses her look may be similar to mine but honey there's a big difference mine is couture and hers is just hot glue i saw you on yeah girl yes you did i just saw a monster i said that's my sister [Music] girl she is gonna let everybody have it she is shady she's not the same person she's worse [Music] [Applause] the crybaby's back i'm pheromone from season nine and i'm here to moan and groan my way to the top honey oh pharah i like the peekaboo are you feeling lucky on season nine i felt prematurely cast only because i was so young no i don't want to do this she whines like a six-year-old she knows she's a cute girl but there's nothing more than that yet i think a lot of people still see me as the scared whiny little 22 year old girl but i just want to show people that i am now a ferocious fierce 25 year old oh my god it's christina girl farrah moan is one of the most stunning queens i've ever seen she has more instagram followers and a lot of these  do [Music] miss farah is gorgeous let's tell fast but america if you gonna have your ass out it's supposed to look like j.lo not like mr rogers i see that they went straight from eight to six so we're skipping seven let's all praise the lord for that hey just oh [Music] i am jasmine masters and i have something to say i am back for all stars for you junkie  for those of you who don't remember me i was on season seven jasmine masters your personality is off the hook where did you get a loaf of bread watch out sister oh a cheerleader head catching it i've never seen a car crash like this before you don't want to hear any goddamn excuses b you know there's a lot of queens a lot of fans out there who don't believe that i'm a great drag queen but since i've been on the show i became the meme queen and i'm always in somebody's video or a clip you know i understand why people break your mother stinking and they don't taste it you go you don't taste that the mean queen is back to snatch the crown oh look at you still beautiful you tall  get out my face i'm gagged to see jasmine masters back because she did so poorly on her season but that  dug herself out of a grave with those vines and instagram videos and the fish is so funny so you were in your season seven yes that's the season you wanted to skip oh really well but but if if anybody at least we got jasmine you know what i mean what is it from season seven that we were not looking forward to seeing season seven was a pretty boring season and season 9 y'all were next on the list i call shade  everyone thinks that their season is the best of the best but monet ain't got half the talent that the girls from season nun had honey season nine it's about to slay season nine was just fine okay fan favorite is here [Music] i'm back it's you valentina and glamour high fashion a latin american diva and this is the valentina confessional 2.0 sus we have a beautiful designer beret by dior and look at this manicure i'm ready for my close-up oh linda evangelista i like it stop take that thing off of your mouth i'd like to keep it on please it's a lip sync what part of that do you not understand after my elimination on season nine i felt a weight of being a failure but eventually i took it as motivation and since my season i've had the opportunities of working with american vogue vogue mexico and i don't really intend on being known forever as the person that doesn't know how to lip sync let's do it i'm surprised you know the words to that song oh girl whatever how do you feel seeing so many season nine girls i feel good we were a close-knit season despite the reunion we were such close friends and you have not spoken to me in almost five months text me call me let's talk about that i've texted you you ignore my text i respect you and love you um you don't love me i know that everybody wants the fun little telenovela valentino vs farah you don't love me fantasy however she's apologized i have apologized and i feel like we're on the route to a better relationship do you even have her phone number yeah she's texting me back now in the eyes of some i am miss congeniality and in the eyes of other people i'm a snake but i just know i'm both because i know i can be really nice but i always love the villain [Applause] [Music] i'm the large in charge chunkiest funky latrice motherfu royale eat it look at manila i'm an illusion i'm the runner up from season three and something up from all stars one on your own none of you were able to reach the top so this time around you'll be competing as teams of two when we did all-stars one in teams it was the gagger because we weren't expecting to have to work with someone the entire season latrilla this has been like the best pairing in the world because like you always know how to take it that extra step beyond and i love that vanilla and latrice sachet away this time is gonna be different i'm black [Music] i'm shea coulee i know y'all have missed me but it's okay wow roo love what you've done with the place she's a great dancer she's a great entertainer she's a great actress oh 23 i won four challenges on season nine vote  i felt really confident that i had it in the back this was my spot on season nine feels kind of lucky i was really confident [Music] but as those rose petals fell at the season nine finale it was like watching my dreams just fall right out of my hands i felt like such a disappointment i'm sorry my dear this is not your time ah mine this time i came to win season nine was a taste that was the amuse boosh we're about to get into the entree we might even get a little dessert and they're about to get [Music] served [Music] guess who's cracking the house girl my name is miss cracker i am 35 pounds heavier than i was in season 10. miss cracker if you're nasty and i'm disgusting is there a hole in the bottom of that box absolutely the first time around i did well but i was so worried about being absolutely perfect cracker you did it perfect once you will do it that way again i myself you'll never be good enough she's too interested in trying to control how we see her it's like let it all hang out  look at this so this time i'm just going to let things flow from my distorted brain we've been trying to get together yeah and do a thing yeah we're doing the biggest of things shae coulee is talented beautiful funny and the worst thing is she is a great person i hate her i thought they were going to save the best for last and i was the opposite of right [Music] in the house to take the crown take me now i'm alexis mateo from season three and all stars one [Applause] bam time i counted you out you shut me up i am a well-rounded entertainer i can sing i can dance i can act and i'm a puerto rican  just like the movie gremlins i got wet one day and have a drag baby name vanessa benji my tail you know when you have somebody that is that gorgeous and that messy you know it's my daughter appreciate you cut the check later  you're welcome coming into this competition i'm older and wiser and stronger than ever it's alexis world and the rest is parking feathers feathers feathers put them in a zoo exactly i am a whole zoo today well i do declare blair saint claire's all grown up now  i'm blair sinclair from season 10 and i finally gone through puberty well almost you look really young season 10 was terrifying it's actually been really hard being here without my mom i think i was really hiding who i was because i wanted everyone to like me blair hold on blair you okay i'm good i'm happy i'm good today i see myself as a strong  she's always looking wet that's what your man said last night strong independent  and people need to remember that and watch out for that because i want to win my drag's changed a lot and i think some people are going to be a little shocked but that's what i'm here to do i'm here to shock him yeah uh-huh blair sinclair came out with some good air under her booty baby why are you so cocky girl she will crack under pressure now in a room full of tens i'm always grand prize she's here to save the jazz i'm mariah balenciaga aka mariah paris aka morae successful aka miss queen of all star season five prepare to gag on my eleganza we are the ones who are innovators and the driving force behind progress in humanity she has a beautiful face season three i got your poise you're beautiful you're elegant but my downfall was my snatch game that is not a wire hanger it's a wooden hanger it's too much i'm getting my pocketbook i'm leaving and it's taken me almost 10 years to refine my stage presence and get back here they're not going to group me on this one not this pageant good to see you you look stunning i want to eat you like a palm tree oh oh juries more and more sparkle [Music] india 2.0 here remodeled remastered and ready for action surprise  it's me indie affair from season three ow there is a kill no storm okay on season three i couldn't break through my shyness prison honey i'm still waiting for your personality to come through sadly one of the only things i'm known for is being picked up by mimi i'm first get off of me drag is not a contact sport but there's so much more to me and i'm ready to show it season 3 [Applause] oh look at this we're a set same colors oh is this a rerun of season three [Music] cue western music tonight girl i'm gonna need that i'll trade you  okay of course i don't have to have it taken in i'll absolutely be swimming [Music] i'm jujube from season two of rupaul's drag race and season one of all stars third time's the charm come on grandma barbie i have never been blown like that in my life miss jujube you give good mouth tyra was your barbecue can sold your grill is i made it to top three twice it is time to take the crown what about jujube give me the crown rupaul can i have the crown please okay i am so dressed for all your funerals cause i'm gonna kill you all [Applause] get ready baby you've aged so well oh like cheese [Laughter] this jujube has stepped her  up this is like i am the  staircase you know it's kind of funny it's like uh if we were ink in a printer it like it runs out by the time oh i did it again [Music] i'm derek berry and i'm from season eight it's derek  you know me hey derek when i first came to drag race i was focused on being the best britney spears impersonator in the world yeah yeah yeah yeah i got so used to doing one thing that i really struggled to show people what else i can do i put myself in a britney box and i'm doing my best to get out of that since my season i've taken my drag to a whole new realm and now i'm coming back to show i don't just do brittany there's also this other part of me that does all these other amazing things hi hi guys how are you what's going on [Music] hi hey girl there's only one queen i don't get along with and it's india farah she had got me india has these online rants that are negative uh she's toxic maybe she's all good with giving fake hugs but i really don't have much to say to her [Music] i didn't come to crash the party i came to end it i have mayhem the drama miller from rupaul's drag race season 10. i think you look adorable i'm gagging over your look i started off strong the creativity is off the charts i won the first challenge and then it kind of just went kind of like this when i was here for season 10 i did not push myself to the level of greatness that i know i have i played as safe did you say something to your team um no because i wanted to be a a team player hello season 10's in the house this time around i just can't hold back i want to make believers out of the non-believers and show exactly why she got the call you smell rich thank you i farted i hear something dragging something [Music] [Applause] so you all thought i'd never get here sorry i was stuck in traffic my name is angina i'm from the very first season of rupaul's drag race she look good the one that started this whole shenanigans angina oh ooh this ain't no truck stop honey my name is connie chong because life is a celebration you're the winner of this challenge somebody said all-stars five and finally on all-stars  i'm so excited but i'm super nervous because everything literally has changed but i have been changing as well and i'm excited to show everyone my 10-year glow up so here it is and enjoy you're welcome angina is a drag race legend point blank period [Music] here's the t i hope y'all don't think that we're just here to play around oh i don't think so you know no i i believe you guys might bring it you've already started yeah i mean i look you know i like to shoot quickly you were also quick to finish on your season though [Applause] - garrett mary girl bring me again you're tired moving on my hand girl it is what it is it is what it is aquaria oh [Music] it's really nice to have you back competing for the third time maybe this time you won't be so overshadowed by yara sofia thank god let's see mariah paris valenciaga three iconic names that are all known worldwide yet you remain completely unknown alexis potato i mean i'm so sorry i'm so sorry girl look i know you've been here before hopefully you bring actual talent this time angie is determination i've been here how many times i've watched this girl crack open chicken bones and suck out the marrow makes me wonder what is she willing to do this time [Music] my dear friend and beautiful mariah paris valenciaga they say you have mug for days but with shoulders like that you need to be a thug for days [Music] shitty  say hello to ricky martin hello hey daddy hello mommy later what happens in vegas stays in vegas don't unpack go back okay and here's my sister blair st claire winning the crown is like your hit song now or never not now and probably never [Music] i'm looking around the room and realize like what i'm doing here i was a star before i came here yeah well stars burn out legends live on sweetheart i was a legend before i walk in here a urban legend an herbal legend urban oh so now that we're gonna start getting ready i really wanna hear from you guys about how do you feel in today i feel really confident in our team like look around the room and feel like we are a team we all fed off of each other's energy yeah i actually am i don't want to say i'm shocked but i'm a little surprised how beautifully we've worked together right i don't think there was any tension between the three of us because we're very open to each other's opinions right we do look like a girl we really look like a girl group and that's the challenge we are very together i'm very happy i is if they grabbed like the three biggest divas and made them into a girl group that's what i feel like our girls oh yeah it's brilliant like tlc yes not destiny [Music] it's going to be a very interesting challenge because i know overall the performance is going to be beautiful but yeah definitely is going to be some standouts and so so very don't wait what's your sign i'm a taurus i'm a taurus too oh that makes so much sense that makes so much sense what are you i'm an aquarius that makes sense to you me too i'm a cancer gemini what about me what about jill jaben she's like my zodiac right okay june 21st i was i i was born on the summer solstice the longest light day of the year and you know who shares my birthday prince williams oh my god um isn't it just prince william you know them ghetto girls they always be trying to add asses to miss rupauls oh my god okay what are you gonna wear oh girl are you ready uh-huh it's perfect [Laughter] like  get into this yes it's this this is it girl i didn't do anything [Music] no i need you like full on i need you like full slick bag get out of here i'm not wearing this hint i'm not wearing this this is so gross why do you even have this that's my slicked back wet look no let's put it on [Music] look [Music] [Laughter] what the hell  it's got to what mayhem you look like if octavius spencer tried on one of gayle king's wigs it hurts okay oh god this is so ugly i love it [Laughter] i'm wearing a short dress to prom and i'm going to stand next to all the finger foods [Laughter] so did you went to your prom or no uh yes i did were you out at that time yes did you went flamboyant the house down boot oh yes girl you know i was wearing all the fashions oh this is so cool i was like bullied right like up until i came out of the closet and  when i came out i said y'all about to meet a fierce  and i ain't scared of nobody right yeah my uncle used to ask me when i was a little boy like do you have a girlfriend already in kindergarten i was like no i like boys better you know like i and my mom was always like we always knew you was like different same here i tried to come out my mom was like we already know like we've known since you were like six like i remember wanting to be like catwoman when i was like probably like seven years old and we would go into like a dairy queen to like trick or treat then i wouldn't put on the lipstick and my mom was like oh you're putting on the lipstick oh this is amazing and i was like okay i'll put on the lipstick and the monster was born i i'm gonna be really open about my feelings right now i'm very overwhelmed sewing isn't hard it's the making it as perfect as possible it's bringing to the main stage what is going to impress the judges that's wrong yeah [Music] so do you think they're going to read you for your ashy legs yes i do cue michelle cracker you look really good i'm gonna start with what i love i'm gonna start with the good things i love the last year wearing this this week yeah um all right so i'm going to go head to toe and tell you what's wrong with you i can tell from over here that's made with flat-felled scenes but don't you think they should have been french oh right oh my god you know yeah she raises that one eyebrow yeah gosh you know if michelle wasn't so beautiful it would be easier to take it but she's just so pretty [Music] i have a joke for you i have this incredible recipe for chili and i got it when i was in ireland from this irish woman and she said that i specifically needed to only use 239 beans and i was like well that's really interesting i don't want to count out 239 beans i was like why not more and she's like because one more is too farty [Music] - [Music] now i know where my implants went oh yes mama i'm serving up some nubian goddess realness mama just stepped out of the nile river drip drip tripping in swarovski stones and i feel gorgeous and expensive that's some serious bejazzling it certainly is come on josephine baker come on grace jones come on pam grier shay coulee [Music] wow whoa my three-in-one look is based off of the rosy maple moth mixed with a lisa frank character you larvae i larvae i'm twirling my gorgeous iridescent organza skirt and then i come out of my chrysalis i'm getting kate moth [Laughter] i spread my wings  and take flight because i know the judges are living for this love are those two wings on your back you're just happy to see me shake outlay if she waters my cans will they grow this is camouflage for smurfland i'm coming down this runway serving a love child between coco chanel and richard quinn i have my super sweet sexy 60s shift dress with some custom hand poured latex leggings and garters and i'm watering all those hydrangeas being the nosy neighbor who's trying to get all the tea over those hedges yes she can h2o shake outlay everything's coming down roses i'm serving you carrie meets my season nine elimination there is a crown that is pouring out this cascade of rose petals and i am living but she's still got a rosy outlook she does she does shea coulee oh hey y'all it's me rupaul's baby niece shayquida but everybody calls me lil kiki i'm wearing a one-of-a-kind airbrushed t-shirt by my cousin pookie in loving memory of my big mama today i was running a little bit late so all i was able to bring was the bag she already done had her chips that was in my glove compartment but my family secret is that not only is rupaul my great auntie she also my best friend for real though uh she rue now make sure y'all say me some potato salad cause i'm gonna be right back well she left the tags on them she did jay coulee oh marie who invited grace jones to the picnic here comes the bride all dressed in assless chaps i am serving you backyard bridal realness i've got my jumpsuit with my chaps i have my beautiful mosquito net veil and all my family and friends are here to see me tie the knot she's putting the ass back in kansas jay coulee joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat the gay years scam money don't make money but freak money do i'm serving you some 90s raver realness hand-dyed mongolian lamb coat my beautiful bondage cookie monster platform shoes my pupils are real huge and i'm just dancing to the music having a good ass time she is schooling the kids with those pupils the heels have eyes [Laughter] shake houlay told me babe paley would be here i'm serving you 1960s balenciaga realness i got my big bow on the back my tall tall beehive i feel like a princess all i need is a crown we're gonna need a bigger bow [Laughter] my queen is there anything you'd like to say my name is shea coulee and i didn't come to slay i came to win no remember if you can't love yourself how in the hell you're gonna love somebody else can i get an amen up in here [Applause] no friends my queen [Music] [Applause] oh wow if my dad could see me now he would be like that's my son [Music] [Applause] what this competition has given to me this time it's far more valuable than a hundred thousand dollars because i feel like i've got my joy back. - [Music] [Applause] [Music] my name is Jada essence Hall and for those of you who do not know me I am a drag queen and a badass  okay [Music] Jayda essence halt you pull that crap with a net butter I hardly know her Jayda essence halt well I've heard of bowlegged but never bow arm jada pinkett jacket I think a basketball wife is just about a field that you can like when you see a woman and she just looks pulled together that's the basketball wife I mean look I mean I do not play basketball I'm a basketball wife in my mind turned out amazing this give me this rich  fantasy dipped in a beautiful fuzzy foamy bubble baths and I just feel the fantasy sweeping over me white balls is my fraternity looks like a pump feels like a sneaker ballers look is a WNBA player I want to pay homage to all of these super crazy talented girls who work really hard on the court and they don't get the shine that they deserve white men can't jump a black Queen so can strut so be Carly fixated if you ask me not have these overdramatic shoulders MS Jada is filling her full Jimmy Neutron fantasy you know if you got a hump put some glitter on it data essence Hall Pike baby Jack a frog in this look I am frozen to the core I'm all of course and what's left of Antarctica and articles at the bottom a knee I'm giving you whatever is left of the polar icecaps I just feel a fantasy a bike I've got it frozen naked and beautiful okay storm in a snowstorm yeah well you know what they say beware of black I believe in that house take one thing home in my case it was my shirt I love this let's hide all this spikes out jewelry the girls are safe now - right I'm looking like a hardcore bad  like Michelle herself I need to remind you that this is it mother - I am a trophy wife honey I am coming out here I finally got this fat-ass ring that I have been waiting for all my life I'm just ready to walk down this aisle and get this money I mean man guess who's back in the house she's a nice cake or a black wedding Jada essence Hall let's run this look up the flagpole I'm giving you a sexy superhero of drag and I'm ready to save any ho any  any queer person in this country that needs to be saved I'm here to do it now that is a landing strip yeah I'm gonna tell my waxer I want that next time it's called the American bikini wax making my husband take the pledge of allegiance we'll have a whole new meaning we are punching it down the runway and this red sequined giraffe but baby we are turning it we look exactly the bag one of us is the blonde one of us the bet y'all figure out the race gentlemen prefer blonds sorry show me Ralph Judy Landers where's Oprah have a beautiful head is blocking my life because I don't want everybody to see all of this phase with the body and their garment are doing all the work I love having money I love feeling like money look just drifting money she puts the P in purple this dress is my brand this dress is classic Teta it fits me perfectly I look like a god and I feel strong I feel confident I feel really accomplished because this competition is all about making sure that you can persevere throughout anything in any challenge and I've done I've had luck and I'm not gonna slow down I just want to make sure that the judges understand that I am Jada and saw the essence of America's next drag superstar now let go there all season finally she looks great. [Music] the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is Katya I [Applause] [Music] have made my decision the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race the next drag superstar Nina flowers I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart you have made this competition so much better by being a part of it take my love my admiration with you wherever you go thank you so much for this one before experienced I didn't won the prices but I want all the things I want great experience I want great friends I'm going home a winner I don't want to cry thank you thank you thank you maybe this is your moment but pass the reins on to you my dear will be your job to spread the love the message the beauty of being the next drag superstar right now I'm overwhelmed because I can't believe that it finally happened like a dream that you've been dreaming all the time coming to life my queen and remember if you can't love yourself how are you gonna love somebody else now walk [Applause] ladies I've made my decision the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is Tyra Sanchez [Applause] Oh [Music] can't breathe literally tyree gonna be okay okay did you need water do you need you need to breathe in the paper bag it's like I had an out-of-body experience and I just for some reason I forgot to breathe just relax for now Tyra we gonna get your wig back on your head take your time baby Tyra you're gonna be okay we're gonna continue Raven I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart you are unforgettable and that is So Raven good luck my dear thank you thank you now sashay away I came in second place that's an amazing thing out of 12 people I'm gonna leave this competition with my head held high I'm gonna go off and do something fierce fabulous fun and funky before EPs my queen [Music] wear this crown being America's next drag superstar it's gonna change my life dramatically I'll be able to take care of Jeremiah now I'll be able to start his future now Tyra let the world be jealous of your boogie now wha [Music] I am Tyra the other Tyra Sanchez and I am America's next drag ladies I've made my decision [Music] the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is Raja [Music] [Music] Manila you are an inspiration I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart thank you now sashay away that canting exclaiming so close and then just not being able to get there I don't think I could have done anything differently I wouldn't have changes experience for anything I would have traded it for anything and I'm happy how far I made it I'm first runner-up so Raja dies of old age then maybe I'll get the crown Raja my queen I bow to thee along with this title I can use it now to talk to kids who have no clue that you could be a start I just want to let them know that it's alright to be a social misfit it's ok to think outside of the box and think greater than what you know now Prince I say pants my queen all hail the Queen [Music] [Applause] grand prize contributed in part by Al and Chuck dot travel the crown is mine the cash is mine and I am America's next drag superstar [Music] the time has come to crown our queen chad michaels Sharon Needles [Music] Fifi O'Hara as always I have consulted with the judges and for the first time ever I've consulted with you the fans but the final decision is mine to make the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is Sharon Needles [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] there anything you'd like to say happy Halloween everybody time has come to crown our queen as always I have consulted with the judges and the fans but the final decision is mine to make Alaska jinkx monsoon Roxxxy Andrews the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is jinkx monsoon [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] you have anything likenesses get ready cuz it's monsoon season [Applause] the time has come to crown our queen as always I have consulted with the judges and the fans but the final decision is mine to make adore Delano Bianca Del Rio Courtney act the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is Bianca Del Rio [Applause] anything you'd like to say that in the show I didn't cry once and the weird thing now I'm not crying it's my eyelash gia jinx me but [Applause] on a serious note as a 30 year old man in a wig never give up some can really happen later in life and I'm the most grateful guy on the planet so thank you thank you I bow to thee now prance I said the time has come to crown our queen as always I've consulted with the judges and the fans but the final decision is mine to make ginger minj pearl [Music] violet chachki winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is [Music] Katya [Music] Tatia may I please have a sip of water [Applause] yeah where were we oh of course the time has come to crown our queen the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race an America's next drag superstar yes violet chachki [Applause] [Applause] you like to say [Applause] [Music] time's come to crown our queen Bob the drag queen [Applause] as always I've consulted with the judges and the fans but the final decision is mine to make the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is Bob the drag queen [Applause] [Music] me is there anything you have to say yes I have too much to say but I'm gonna keep it to one thing take whatever you love about yourself [Applause] the time has come to crown our queen [Music] ladies I've made my decision [Music] the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is Sasha velour [Applause] there anything you'd like to say let's change up let's get inspired by all this beauty all this beauty and change the mother world [Applause] [Music] the time has come to crown our queen [Music] ladies I've made my decision the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is aquaria [Applause] [Music] [Applause] is there anything you'd like to say sometimes in life you're not always given a second chance but if you do take advantage of it and go out with a bang [Applause] and remember if you can't love yourself down there hell you gonna love somebody else [Music] [Applause] [Music] made my decision the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] you'd like to say yeah follow your oddities and fly your freak flag [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] now the time has come to crown our queen ladies I've made my decision the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is Jayda essence all [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] congratulations is there anything you'd like to say I would like to say that if you can't love yourself friends prance my queen [Music] now everyone within the sound of my voice you better vote and remember if you can't love yourself how in the hell you're gonna love somebody else can I get an amen up in here alright now let's do it. -  the winner RuPaul's Drag Race America's next drag superstar is my name is Nia Marshall Katina I'm from West Africa precisely Cameroon I'm also known as beeping Sahara the name walked into the room I first impression was I thought all the girls were really stunning but bring a lot of international influence and I feel like right now I'm really ahead of the game I am Tyra Sanchez and I'm 21 I came in I had my Rihanna hair on my body was right breast the right makeup was right everything was on point I was very much a lady [Applause] hi ladies my name's Sutan also known as Raja I'm 36 years old and I'm from Los Angeles California Raja the model she's uber-stylish she was doing stuff that Gaga's doing now before Gaga even knew about it when Raja walked in 100% pure family walked in her look is definitely not polished it's definitely not fabulous it almost looks as if I went into my granny's trunk in the Attic I could see the surprised look on everyone's face it was exactly a reaction I wanted we're drag queens we're meant to be pioneers so why not wear a funny little Cyclops hat I'm Raja you guys Club kid where's her body was her hair where's her makeup I don't see her on the same level of the rest of us [Music] my name is Sharon Needles I'm 29 years old and I'm from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania I look spooky but I'm really nice my first impression of Sharon Needles was wow what a whack job yes the princess I'm the queen the three words that would describe Sharon Needles are beautiful spooky and stupid I'm hoping to achieve the crowns that's the only thing that I didn't achieve on season four is here I spread lemare on my toast in the morning I'm cher  happy Hunger Games  all right competitions on hold on I'm getting a call on my bluetooth it's Sharon you what you want to give you my hundred thousand dollars back watching shad play with this little earring I'm thinking this  is kind of bitter you know I can hear the cackling from down the street my name is jinkx monsoon I'm 24 and I'm Seattle's youngest milf [Music] I'm theatrically trained in the Broadway school of singing I don't know about that she's a little kooky well well well I hope you  are ready my name is Bianca Del Rio I'm 37 years old am I the first one great drag queen who's early that never  happens I am an insult comic just like Don Rickles looks like the party but in a dress and prettier not as old perhaps they all went home after they heard that I was here I feel it's my duty to show America that some Queens have good teeth and good hair [Music] I'm violet chachki I'm 22 years old and I'm a one-of-a-kind collectible hey gang how are we doing my biggest strength is probably aesthetics I'm very visually appealing as I conceded this Fame by the Trotsky violet chachki you can't forget that I've seen miss fames work before and I'm pretty impressed but not that impressed my name is Bob drag queen and I am 29 years old my Greg is funny it's a reverence what you see is what you get - who says it all you're welcome [Music] [Music] I'm hilarious beautiful talented and humble how are you not just one [Applause] in New York girls they get really excited and they just talk over one another to real New York New York New York girl maybe some of the other Queens are like resentful that there's so much New York City representation does a reason New York City has some of the best drag queens in the world that is a fact this is a game children don't even know my message for the human race is really quite simple I think I was chosen as an all-star because nobody can do Alaska except the last but I encourage you to try it's fine little poundcake enjoys being a straight-up  dick pic I will stand out from the rest of these clans because I am more all Anna more starlight star ish star esque City last time I was here I was concerned about my relationship and how people were perceiving me and now it's just me and I'm focused and galvanized and ready to take the crown [Music] why oh wow my name is Sasha velour I am 29 years old I am a bald fashion II artistic weird queen i lady who I'm committed to being uniquely Sasha all defying tell us about yourself I'm a visual artist I love telling stories with heart and with drive what story are you telling what this unibrow [Music] oh that's how I roll that is such a  waste that would have killed if someone was here I'm Trixie Mattel and I am the crownless drag superstar from season 7 I came here to eclipse people my talent but also of my hair there's nobody in here it's like a morgue if Michael's meet-and-greet I feel like in the real world I've been a real all-star but on drag race I was not an all-star yo you went for the comedy gold but all we got was bronze I need to make amends for the fact that I came in here and just hit the cement and got dragged out like a dead body it's not about falling it's about getting back up [Music] my name is aquaria and I am a superstar sorry to keep you waiting Aquarius the name on everyone's lips in New York City I can tell that every girl in the room knows exactly and I can't I quit this aquaria drama has gone on for eons in the new york city drag seeing people call clear your crack therefore before crack or query it is like always like the hugest biggest I looked at every crack editor in the state competition this is about to go down trust I believe you when you're coming in very popular already I did that are you excited I know there's a lot to live up to so hopefully I keep imagine I'm here to prove to people that I actually do have the chops that I say that I have and I'm ready to turn it around on it [Music] yeah body is bad I'm training Taylor top four from season I did si trainee Taylor sorry I just feel like Trinity Taylor is so boring I am Trinity the touch and this tuck has teeth before season on I was old school pageant the body girl it was a huge surprise to me that I could do comedy [Music] this time I'm confident that I'm the whole package I made it to top for the last time and now I'm here to win I am a super earth Queen I'm made of plastic Bioware plastic with Trinity is ultra fierce competition and I thought she was winning season now I related so the pressure is on [Music] [Applause] I am oneexchange of season 10 your current reigning Miss Congeniality I am here to play and until I smash that clown of  for her own all the way and I was really surprised that I didn't win any challenges really sloppy if I could go back in time one thing that I would change my season will be my rickety crickety run away and girls like a challenge I'm excited to see my season 10 sister I feel like both of us have something to prove but this is all stars form a black jumpsuit like a leotard it's not starting [Music] move over ladies this race just took an odd turn my name is Evie oddly and I'm Denver's commodity of drag oddity Denver predominantly have the sparkly dancing like bodysuit hair flipping queens and I shook that up the inspirations I draw from her Mugler Alexander McQueen Kristine because I'm really confused as to why Hot Wheels needs to make an appearance on RuPaul's Drag Race I'm conceptual queen right I'm just here to shop. - I couldn't be more happy to see my kids succeed and you really did Kennedy you were born naked but you've grown to become a fierce drag queen here's a photo of you as a little bitty boy now if you could time travel what would Kennedy Davenport have to say to little Ruben I will definitely have to tell him that it's okay that you are different from the other kids all the nights that you have cried yourself to sleep it'll be over soon and that children will be respected for your guilt Thank You Kennedy violet here's a photo of you when you were four years old what would violet chachki have to say to little Jason I would tell him to try to have more patience with everybody especially with your parents and you seem to know how special you are and you know really bask in moments of weakness and find strength in them and push through everything and get to a goddamn ballet class as fast as you can Thank You violet ginger here's a photo of you when you were 5 years old what would ginger minge have to say to little Joshua when it feels like the entire world is against you you've always got a friend in yourself and when it gets to that moment in your life where you feel like there's no other alternative and you want to end it remember that in your life there's gonna be stupidity coming at you from a never-ending parade of bigoted and the only way to survive that parade is to make yourself the Grand Marshal thank you ginger you know pearl here is a photo of you when you were four years old I've never seen that child before in my life what would pearl have to say to little Matthew oh god I have to start with a warning you're about to enter like the toughest you're gonna enter the toughest years of your life and gonna suck really bad for a long time and people are gonna you up and take advantage of you and people are gonna be looking at you from across the room for so many years that you're not gonna understand why do you understand why now your star baby Thank You pearl so Bob the drag queen this is you that it's big at four years old yeah what do you have to say to little Christopher I say hey girl I would tell myself you're gonna want to change for others do not do that I just wanted to be like my brother or like my uncles I was so different than every other guy my family I just wanted to blend in and be like them but once I realized that how important it really is to be me then I really shone through and I would also say don't take up a student loan freshman year of college just pay out of pocket like he did the rest of it because it's still haunting me to this day thank you Bob alrighty Chi devayne this is you at 6 years old what do you have to say to little Xavier I would tell little Xavier and Davenport that it doesn't matter where you're from and how you grew up the neighborhood you grew up in that has nothing to do with how far you can go never be ashamed of how you walk talk because that is going to be the key to your success very sweet Thank You Chi Chi Thank You Kim Chi this is you at 3 years old oh why do you have to say to little sang high thing when you grow up you're going to experience a lot of different cultures people might save me for being too different and not fitting in with the rest of the culture at times you're gonna feel like you're trapped in a wrong body and you're trapped in a place where you feel like you can't get out and at times they're gonna want to think about harming yourself or even running away but I just wanted to let you know that it will all get better and once you grow up the things that you are ashamed of are going to be the truth other people love you for and and you're gonna be able to embrace them you're gonna find a group of friends it's gonna love you you're not going to feel lonely anymore and when you saw it was all just a dream will come true for you because life will get better lovey kimchi you didn't just get better you got fierce oh and go to a dancing class as soon as possible alright Naomi smalls this is you at 7:00 what do you have to say to little Davis Davis you're gonna go through a really confusing time where people are gonna make fun of your mannerisms and the way that you look but I just want you to know that you need to embrace it because that's what makes you special be proud that you're not like all the other boys and just do what you do best and that's just being you because that's what people are gonna love you for Thank You Naomi peppermint you've provided us with a childhood photo if you could turn back time what words of wisdom would you share with your four year old self despite everything you hear from other people everything you feel everything you feel on the inside it's right don't wait don't wait to express it don't wait to express it because the moment you realize that everyone else well that's beautiful Thank You Sasha Vellore this is you it's five years old now if you could turn back time what words of wisdom would you share with little Alexander little sashenka you you think a lot of negative things about yourself that you are strange looking to fem weird and I want to tell you that those things are all completely true and you need to stop running from them because those are the things that make you amazing and one more thing be good to your mother because there is less time than you would want and she deserves to see the beautiful queen that you are I'd like to think she's watching you right now Thank You Sasha Shay cool eh this is you at 3 years old what words of wisdom would you share with little Jaron you two head out of the TV for a second as I want to tell you you are loved and there are some things that you are going to experience but I wish that I could protect you but those hardships make you into the individual that's standing here to take and I want to thank you even when I didn't think that we could do it you did and I'm so proud of us Thank You Shane Thank You Trinity Taylor this is you at 8 years old what words of wisdom would you share with little Ryan as you get older things are gonna get really bad for you you're gonna go through a lot of hardships with your family and people are gonna die and they're gonna get sick but you're gonna find something very special that changes your life and the Hat is dragged know that all the things that you've been through in life are gonna make you into a very strong person Thank You aquaria what advice do you have for 3 year old with a boa well for starters I would say get it together because those are cheap feathers are really 2 - and we're gonna need a higher deal [Music] you have so much opportunity and privilege allotted to you and you have so many talents and don't hesitate from exploring them and really reaching for the stars but also when you're 21 there's gonna be a really really strange man in the way calling it on the phone inviting you to come to LA say yes and from an early age you have the charisma uniqueness nerve and talent and if you thought you are interested in drag starting in the seventh grade you're wrong it started when you were three thank you thank you aja O'Hara what advice do you have for little Antoine I would say that beauty is going to come into your life so many different times in so many different ways and quite often the beauty is going to come into your life cloaked and darkness and despair but there is beauty there there's beauty and everything and there's gonna be a point your life when you're gonna discover something magical and you know they say magic always comes with a price and you're gonna question that magic but please know that the price is so worth it and just remember that your only job is improve the quality of the lives of the people around you thank you thank you Yurika what advice do you have for year-old David it's nice to see you little guy you're not gonna stay that way very long it's gonna put you through a lot of things people are gonna torment you a lot but one of the things that's gonna make you special is that thing that you actually hate the most about yourself and it's gonna bring so much light and happiness to your life when you realize that it's okay to be a bigger person and to be proud of it and when you do finally realize it you're gonna be able to bring so much happiness to your family and to the people you're around and to people all over the world that are also lost and you know that feels like and you get the opportunity to give that back to the army so you stay strong and don't throw scissors at your sister when you're 7 thank you all right Cameron Michaels what advice you have for three-year-old Dane you're such a happy child and that's probably gonna change in a couple years you're gonna feel very lost and alone like you don't have a place in the world until you become the person that you're meant to be and then you'll know that different wasn't bad and different is good you have two loving parents and one of them is not gonna be here to see this moment so hug him and tell him that you love him and don't hide around the corner with the karaoke machine and sing because you don't want anyone to watch you because you belong in a spotlight and you will find it one day thank you so much thank you Karia what advice would you give to ten-year-old great great I would tell ten year old Gregory although you're scared be true to who you are and love yourself it's not gonna be easy there's gonna be tests and so many trials and so many tribulations but continue to fight because greatness is destined for you you will be the strength behind so many people that you didn't even think what even turn to you continue to love yourself don't look that baby looking like new addition thank you a kyria brooklyn what advice do you have for a little two-year-old Brock no I would tell two-year-old Brock there gonna be a lot of times in his life where he feels wrong for being who he is they're gonna be voices in his head every day that he has to fight against telling him that he's not worth anything and that he start right and I would just tell him that he is perfect and wonderful just the way he is and he has so much talent and ability that he just needs to believe in himself and love himself and I would also tell him to stop dyeing his hair so much I know we're tweezing his eye oh my God look at that what shade of lipstick is that thank you for cliff thank you silky what advice do you have for six-year-old you know who you were in that photo why did you hide for so many years there was so many times you dance kids and thrilled as a kid but you hid that you were gay and part of that was because I was a minister of music and I just shell took myself for protection from judgment from people that at this point of my life don't even matter let the world see your truth but a very young age and not many many many years later child live the life that you want to live and it starts right being in there one last question is that a baseball in your hand or a boiled egg thank you so thank you Miss fangy what advice do you have for six year old Jose no I couldn't hide back there I was so flamboyant even though I was trying to look trade I would probably tell him I know at this point you're probably feeling a little misunderstood then you just like the little princess in the house believe it or not even though I've you know kind of rough around the edges next my brother looks real feminine but don't worry cuz it gets better could always turn things around always like rely on my mother because up you know she's gonna be your best friend take an acting class make sure you could channel all that craziness into something get prepared because you got to be on you got to do a big little whole day Thank You van G Thank You Evie what advice do you have for four year old little Jovan first of all smile for the camera I'd tell them that you don't need to take it as a personal attack anytime somebody calls you weird because that's ultimately gonna be your greatest string I'd tell you not to build walls at a young age because that just makes them harder to break down later keep being yourself keep trying hard and also Green is not your color [Music] what was this this is Halloween I dressed up all the time so it could have been any day of the year Thank You Evie thank you. - I challenged my girls to showcase their charisma uniqueness nerve and talent in an all-star extravaganza gentlemen start your engines and may the best woman win welcome to the all-star talent show extravaganza first up adore Talent singing [Music] the darkness [Music] yeah you know you got me Levi can't believe the beauty of this move it's all I've ever wanted [Music] [Music] hey guys feeling tonight [Applause] [Music] thank you up next Alyssa Edwards talent variety Alyssa Edward welcome back that's why mama rue I'm back just - the back role now I'm feeling that we are one step closer to finding Alyssa's secret let the music play long long ago there was a little gay boy from Texas Mesquite Texas darling baby happy that's prison let me tell the real story declare on the side once a star is [Music] tonight our kind of gal Oh Alyssa's performance is quintessential Alyssa she has a puppet of RuPaul she has a tearaway is everything [Applause] [Music] beg beg beg beg back again giving good don't happen in all these grounds I'm captain iam got more guest gods than the Vatican the names [Music] [Applause] Coco Montrese talent dancing [Music] I decided to step out of my box just to show a different side of myself I hope it pays off for me this time [Music] [Applause] we all make choices but that was a choice [Music] [Applause] see top talent is singing [Music] yeah I told you what Detox's spraying glow paint everywhere [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] ginger minge talent singing when I was a child is the starry sky what will I be a butterfly a better me coz it's hard to be a different kind of boy making lots of noise is inside a crazy world when you take those feelings inside and you want to run and [Applause] worried [Music] your own way up next gotcha talent gymnastics [Music] [Applause]  over here on her hands  poppin all right miss Carson you get the gold from me [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Fifi O'Hara talent acapella Oh tonight [Music] I'm gonna lose my should we speed it up a little bit to find no Roxie and Rose tell it is very less [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] okay  throw away the receipt I'm fine [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Alaska Talent Singing there are times when it seems that the world doesn't appreciate me being made I haven't always been pretty I haven't always been nice but I've always [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm pretty and witty and dapper and clean on-camera classy [Applause] [Music] Tatyana palette is spoken word this piece is entitled the same parts this piece people at the party and I'm wanting to dance other ugly-ass  ain't standing no chance dude looking at me like they want to get in my pants come on  see me with them hands its back on the wall my ass on his wall granny for a second it's just getting sick he doesn't know it but I'm getting firm - before calling me boo because what you see is it always the truth say it with me what you see if it all is true thank you because baby boy I've got all the same parts - choo choo the same part the same part [Applause] the 90s beatnik doing a spoken word piece about her genitals Tatiana's number is my absolute favorite [Applause] [Music] a little deeper that came in the mail Nancy Drew up tried even through a break all of it [Music] [Applause]  the nails  my skirt this is how you steal the show I'm a bra [Applause] oh you thought that was it catch the birth [Music] looking for an all-star that be Sookie - sugar daddy cousin 160 started from the bottom now so wrong 10 for the crown like Game of Thrones root is the bus still running welcome our queen bebe Zahara Benet [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Phoebe is a lion king off-broadway but she looks great she turned to me when she's looking good and feeling gorgeous [Music] [Music] [Applause] filling gorgeous [Music] all the way from the BK Brooklyn [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] paramedic paramedics make sure she's okay because I was not ready nuts [Music] coming in for landing Newark LaGuardia Kennedy Davenport [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] the terminally delightful ben de la creme [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I don't have enough nipples [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] prepare to be slayed by miss Chi Chi devayne [Music] [Music] a flat beaten-up jazz shoe and no padding she knows better than that but maybe she doesn't [Music] [Applause] Morgan McMichaels welcome legendary party love my sexy padded body I got J Lo's ass but I still got sass I don't mean to be vain but really look at my ass because I'm the one to come on Rule three for crown this  5:6 look at those chicks don't you know they've all got do [Music] in my fist I'm gonna need up next the musical stylings of Trixie Mattel [Music] livings like a jigsaw and the farther if you go if you miss some pieces you never really know when you're ticking like a time please which you can rely wonder why you wanted then when you run in nada [Music] sometimes there's a danger choking on the parts no one gave a warning to the break-in of your heart pick up all the pieces and go back to the start never lose it only using all your within parts all your moving parts [Music] [Applause] [Music] last but not least she still does a body good here's Mel it's fashion looking Yasha dancer crickets right there [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] by how now brown cow it's Monique heart are you brown cats done when you wake up in the morning when you walk through the room slang all day every day giving you the option [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] which good thing she is turning it out girl [Music] [Applause] here to pose the house down Naomi smalls hey my friend her name is fashion [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Laughter] can you feel her oats its gia Gunn [Applause] [Music] [Music] how do you do that little girl I was magic to me [Music] the look and feel of real Trinity the top [Music] [Applause] for the perfect tip you'll need some spray adhesive give a little spritz to both your pudding bag put some tissue paper there just below your derriere with your junk food distinctly to your friend sorry mom then clear vinyl tape should do quite nicely to give that lead to the hilburn hang three strips is wise depending on your size from to Cape Town to el chili for grand leave that vanish now don't get your sturdy tech and panties the ones that like Helen smell much worse get those traps around your thighs as you pull to the guys till your tux outside it makes you want to carve either hairbrush ready to hide the razor burn and well and your perfect Chuck is finally in the groove you can dance and you can stun but it's gonna take a ton of industrial street cleanser to remove it's just a tip to say yeah to have with garden gaya the perfect up to keep your junk away yeah I can't sing but you get the point go touch yourself I think I'm talking wrong this whole time welcome to burlesque it's pheromone [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm dad Faris setup is fabulous it looks expensive interesting [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] whoa she fell she fell hard  [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] America she might be in the bottom because it's not stunning soak her up its Bonet exchange people had an undercover [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] girls so what up I mean maybe some of that sweat on that forehead [Music] [Applause] all right y'all let's get this arty party started it's vanilla Luzon [Music] what's she doing [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] push push get your judge its Jasmine masters hello Jasmine masters and I have something to say I went on a date with this guy and when he called me back for another one I said hell no and he asked me why I said his baby your breath smells exactly like your ass don't breath stinks honey I don't know what you been doing would you be eaten but your breath smell like you have been doing nothing but eating on ass I need you to fix - where are the jokes don't eat no more ass go see your dentist and you come back and say hello to me I own jazz investors and I have something to say thank you Jasmine can have all the viral videos she won't that don't make an all-star girl a lot of people have viral things they go to the doctor for it and get rid of it she's large and in charge its Latrice Royale tens tens across the board when I hit the door they clear the floor excuse the beauty [Music] with this shaking yeah yeah yeah everything is yes [Music] [Applause] stand-alone its Valentina this is the story the power of your words [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] the until is a fierce competitor there's no doubt that she's supposed to be here.- Hey all stars. - Hey. - So, a queen walks out of a bar and into the drag race hall of fame. But first, she's got to put her money where her funny is. (gasping) And I'm not joking, bitch. Where are the jokes? (bass beat) - Hello. (crowd clapping) Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Anybody else on their period? (crowd laughing) You know, I'm a little bit into the horror movies. Can you guess which one? "Carrie", yes. How many people have seen "Carrie" actually? Let's see. Good. Good. The real special thing about Carrie is that she has telekinetic powers. Telekinesis means that you can move things with your mind. The last time I moved anything with my head, it was in a motel room (crowd laughing) the John through $40 on my (beep) and told me to get the (beep) out. (crowd laughing) I was like I'm leaving, (beep) leaving. Good God. You ain't gotta yell at me like that. I'll see you at home dad. (crowd laughing) (upbeat music) - I'm a drag queen. When you first start doing drag it's like you want to be the fishiest, you want to have the best body, but now I want to be a fat girl. I want to be a fat girl. You can get (beep) from anywhere. Every guy wants to secretly (beep) a fat bitch, number one. So I'm not gonna have no man problems, okay? I want to be like really fat. I want to get pregnant and not even know it. (crowd laughing) Have you seen those specials on TV? And it's usually a big girl. It's like, of course she didn't know she was (beep) pregnant. (crowd laughing) You know what I mean? I want to go to the bathroom, sit on the toilet and become a mother. (crowd laughing) Okay? No matter what size I am, I will be the body beautiful. Always. Okay? Do you want to see? A little preview. (crowd cheering) And I will still (beep) turn it darling, always. (upbeat music) - Woo! (crowd cheering) Yes bitches! It is not Angelina Jolie. It is not Beyonce. It's your girl Alexis all the way from Puerto Rico. (yelling in Spanish) (crowd cheering) Honey. And I am so excited because I always wanted to be a star honey. So I left Puerto Rico behind and I moved to United States, all the way to Florida. I did travel in first class, right in front of that boat, baby. Honey, I'm a Latina girl and I only have two options in this country, being a housekeeper or being a stripper bitches. And y'all know I didn't came here to clean toilets, baby. So I became a stripper, baby! (crowd cheering) Yes ma'am, honey, if God gave it to you baby, you better make some money. (crowd laughing) Yes ma'am. I am here and I'm queer baby! (bass beat) - Mm-hm. I said bitch better have my money. Right? Let me tell you something baby, they call me Laqueefa. Laqueefa the P and P. Now that stands for the postmodern pimp-ho. (crowd laughing) Postmodern pimp-ho means yes I'm still a pimp, but I'm also my own ho. (crowd laughing) That's right. 'Cause of the recession y'all, I'm telling you, I done have to scale back, you know? And sometimes I don't even pay myself my own money. (crowd laughing) Uh-huh. If I did maybe I could get some shoes so my toes weren't hanging five inches off the edge. (crowd laughing) Yeah. I know you trying to clown me for my cliffhangers. Yeah. I saw it. You know, and they always trying to clown me on the block, baby. They always saying "Laqueefa!" I say "What?" (crowd laughing) They say "Laqueefa, where your ho's at?" I said, "Bitch, don't you see "I'm wearing four pair of hose right here "holding back my (beep)?" (crowd laughing) You know, I had a dumb-ass girlfriend that went and joined PETA. She came screaming at me last week, talking like "Laqueefa!" I said "What?" (crowd laughing) She said "Laqueefa, don't you know "how many innocent animals had to die "for you to have that fur coat?" I said "Bitch, "do you know how many rich animals "I had to (beep) to get this coat?" (crowd laughing) Stupid bitch! (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - Hi everyone. My parents weren't really big about the TV. I really only had like PBS and "Sesame Street." "Sesame Street" was one gay-ass block. (crowd laughing) Okay, obviously we have Bert and Ernie, I mean they're so gay they practically are board members of "GLAD." Um. Now, one of my favorite people that lives on Sesame Street is the Count. He's one of those old, Liberace gays. And he loves collecting chachkies like Faberge eggs. One Faberge egg. Two Faberge egg. Three Faberge egg. Ah-ah-ah. (crowd laughing) (upbeat Latin American music) (crowd cheering) (crowd laughing) (crowd cheering) - Hi. I'm Yara Sofia. I'm gonna make a long story short. I met a guy in a club and he took me to a wonder restaurant he called McDonald's. (crowd laughing) "Do you want a chicken sandwich?" What the heck is chicken? She told me "Chicken means polla." Polla means (beep) in Spain! (crowd laughing) I said "I don't want to eat a (beep) sandwich." After that he took me to the apartment and he took her clothes off. Oh my god, what the hell is that? It was huge. The difference between an onion and a 14-inch (beep), both maked me cry. (crowd laughing) (crowd cheering) (fart sound) Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out! There was (beep) all over the bed. I felt like Willie Wonka's chocolate factory! (RuPaul laughing) (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - My name's Delta Work. I'm in my early to, early 30's. And I'm here in Southern California just kind of looking for love, you know? And it's kind of hard for a big girl like me because it's so body conscious in L.A. and it freaks me out to think who is gonna want a girl like me? (crowd laughing) What? Is that funny? (crowd laughing) Like I see these stories about these girls, they go out running and then they get like abducted and assaulted and you know it's like I have to eat frozen burritos. I have to watch the marathon of "Hoarders." Because if I go out and exercise, I'm gonna get raped. (crowd laughing) You guys have been an amazing audience, thank you so much for coming out. We appreciate you coming out. (crowd cheering) (bass beat) (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - Hey! (crowd cheering) My name is Miss Darienne Lake. I like to say miss 'cause it lets the boys know I'm single. (crowd laughing) You know? Of course my 14 cats and my appearance on "Hoarders, Buried Alive" might also let them know I'm single. (crowd laughing) I asked my mother, I'm like "Mom, "how did I end up so twisted? "Like did you like drop me on my head when I was a baby?" She was like "Honey, you have to be held to be dropped." (crowd laughing) I am here representing all the big and curvy girls. - Hey. (crowd clapping) - I'm trying to get in shape. I mean, well round is a shape, you know? - [Crowd Member] Yes, it is. - At the gym, I'm like a ninja. You will never see me there. (crowd laughing) I know we got some old people here in the audience tonight. Yes, how y'all doing? Yeah, did you guys all come together on the ark? (crowd laughing) Tell Noah I say "Hello." (crowd laughing) - As you may have all gathered from my accent, I am from Idaho. (crowd laughing) I'm kidding. I'm from Australia. Land of kangaroos, land of Olivia Newton-John, and "throw another shrimp on the barbie." - Yeah. - Well, what if I don't want shrimp thrown on me? (crowd laughing) I want to look fishy, not smell fishy. All right? (crowd laughing) So, I moved to America recently. I moved to West Hollywood. And I've written a little bit of a song about some of the people that I've met there and I'd like to sing it for you now. ♪ They'll take you down with just one look ♪ ♪ They hunt in packs, they don't read books ♪ ♪ Injectable tans and old tattoos ♪ ♪ Too young for Botox, got nothing to lose ♪ ♪ They're the mean gays, they live in West Hollywood ♪ ♪ They're the mean gays ♪ ♪ They'll take your wood if they could ♪ ♪ I'm a mean gay ♪ ♪ Well you would if you could ♪ ♪ I might look nice but do think twice ♪ ♪ Before you take me on ♪ (crowd clapping) (upbeat music) Thank you. - Hi. You're probably wondering why I look like a Mexican Katy Perry right now aren't you? My mother is a chola. Do you guys know what a chola is? Can I get a show of hands? Yeah, we're in L.A. mother-(beep). Yeah. (man laughing) My mom's a chola and she likes big (beep). Okay. No, yeah. I was really scared when I heard that senior citizens were gonna be in the (beep) audience tonight, okay? Just blame my (beep) grandma because she likes to go to TJ and get work done so I never grasped the concept to respect my elders. The bitch never ages. She has a fake ass and a fake hip, and I'm pretty sure the ass came first and broke the hip so I don't know what the hell she's doing. But anyways, my grandma's a whore. No? Okay cool. It's my first time people. (laughing nervously) You guys having fun? (crowd cheering) - Yeah. (upbeat music) - I'll mow your lawns later. - My name is BenDeLaCreme, hold for applause. Okay. And I'm delighted to be here with a live audience. I love it when there's people just right in front of me and I can feel like I could just reach right out and touch you if I wanted to. I don't want to, don't worry about that. But I feel like I could if I wanted to which is a great option to have. I'm far away from my hometown of Seattle, Washington. It's the city that never dries, but you know its rain is not so bad. It is a moist area, but it's my moist area and I love it. A lot of people come there you just need to wear the right protection, you know? There's a lot of stereotypes about Seattleites, but they're really just regular folk. Extremely regular folk. You know, caffeine, all in line for the restroom. We love a good rest. But, um, but, I digress. The point is I feel like I've learned to sort of weave a story, bring somebody on an arc that really ends somewhere, where they feel like the whole thing's been meaningful and they're gonna wind up with something that made the whole thing worthwhile. - [Man In Crowd] So tell us a joke. (bass note) - Good night everybody. - [Michelle] Wow. (upbeat music) (crowd clapping) - Hey, hey, hey, hey! Put your lighters up! Ganja's in the house! Yeah-ow! As you can tell from my accent, I am from Dallas, Tex-ass. And it was not very easy growing up looking like this. Whether I was playing in my grandma's clothes or putting on a show for my well-organized, alphabetically ordered beanie-babies, I was gug-guh-guh-gay. Okay? But it wasn't until I moved to Los Angeles that I discovered marijuana. I mean I like to smoke. Y'all I am just flying as high as your receding hairline, okay? (crowd groaning) Marijuana really does help me calm down. So y'all, I went to Valencia where they filmed the TV show "Weeds." Now, y'all, it's very dry. It's almost kind of like your vagina. (crowd groaning) Can I get an amen? Now y'all, I am a tree-hugger because if it ain't green, ha, I'm not interested, okay? (scattered clapping) (upbeat music) - Get up and show me some love. Come on. Get up. Show me some love. Get up. I got an honest (beep). Honest track. This stuff is hot. (crowd clapping) Thank you. Thank you. This ain't easy. I am not a comedian so go ahead sit down. Sit down. Sit down. Sit down. (beep) (beep) Sit down. (laughing) So if you all have not already noticed, I am black. But don't be worried, you know, you don't have to hold onto your purses and your wallets, I already got 'em. (crowd laughing) Growing up for me was really hard because we were really poor. We were like "Good Times" poor. It was really, really gay. (RuPaul laughing) And um, the only way we had the opportunity to eat was my mother would read us recipes from a cook book. (crowd laughing) And oh how I got full many nights off of the roast beef on page 27. (crowd laughing) But a really unfortunate thing happened, my sister caught an ear infection so she starved to death. (crowd laughing) I really grew up a lot with my grandmother. I stayed at my grandmother's house, one, because she was just a sweet lady and two, because she had food. (crowd laughing) But, she had this really crazy obsession with her bills. And it was the light bill in particular. Everything involved the light bill. Stop running around my house like that, you're gonna run my light bill up. (crowd laughing) Stop flushing that toilet so much, you're gonna run my damn light bill up. (crowd laughing) Stop breathing so much, you're gonna run my light bill up. I just feel like I can be myself and just let my hair down with all of you people. - [Crowd Member] Whoa! (crowd laughing) - Good time. It's a party. It's a party! (crowd cheering) Yes! - You know, I've suffered from ADHD all of my life. It's a constant struggle every day. (crowd aww-ing) Ooh look, a rhinestone (giggling). (crowd laughing) But I'm always getting (beep) you know. "Oh, you're so skinny why don't you just eat something." Or "Eat a cheeseburger you skinny bitch." And all I want to say is "Well then give me something to eat, "I'm (beep) starving!" So I've got a little theory going here. Ever since I've come to the show and I've met RuPaul, I have a little theory here. I'm gonna run it by you. I've seen RuPaul in the work room out of drag. I see RuPaul here on the runway as a drag queen. Never in the same room at the same time. Both RuPaul's, same person. Pretty sure I cracked the code. (funky music) Just saying. (crowd cheering) - I am so excited to see the cast of "Cocoon" is here. (crowd laughing) You look fabulous! Miss! I'm over here. Bring both eyes. I'm right here! (crowd laughing) Damn, Pearl Harbor must've did ya in. (crowd laughing) On a lighter note, I'd like to let you know about my family. My mother is from Cuba and my dad is from Honduras, which basically means I have a large (beep), no credit, and a tendency to take things that don't belong to me. (crowd laughing) My mother insisted that we stay true to our Spanish heritage so my first words were "(knocking) house keeping." (crowd laughing) I like the gentleman in back who's sleeping, makes me feel right at home. Can you wake that bitch up? Yeah, the one right there with the horizontal stripes. Not a good look in your 3rd trimester sir, all right? (crowd laughing) All I've ever heard from the judges was that we need to see more versatility, and you know what I gotta say to y'all is that I will show you versatility when Santino wins a sewing competition and Visage wears a (beep) turtleneck. (crowd laughing) Ain't gonna happen! (crowd laughing) Well I gotta say I hope you guys had a lot of fun. And because I'm feeling extra special, I'm gonna put fresh tennis balls on every walker in the place. (crowd laughing) Jello, all around! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Mwah! (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) - [Announcer] Our hostesses with the mostesses, Mrs. Kasha Davis and Katya. (crowd clapping) - Oh my goodness everyone. We want to welcome you to the first annual Despy Awards. Now Katya, what in the hell does "Despy" stand for? - Well judging from the looks of the nominees, I'm gonna go with desperate, egotistical, sluts prancing in the yard. (RuPaul laughing) (crowd cheering) - [Kasha] Got it! - The talented Ginger Minj is here tonight or as I like to refer to her "the Danny DeVito of drag." (crowd laughing) - And we have in our presence Miss lame, shame, pain. - Whatever. - Whatever. - The gorgeous Pearl. The drag equivalent of a Valium taking a Xanax in a K-hole. (judges laughing) - And last but not least. - As usual. - We have - Violet. - Violet. (Violet laughing) (crowd laughing) - Please welcome to the stage the stars of Tyler Perry's "Roots", Kennedy Davenport and Miss Jaidynn Diore Fierce. (RuPaul laughing) (crowd clapping) - Hello everyone. Straight from Kunta Kinte's hut. (crowd laughing) The hourglass and the wall clock. (crowd laughing) - Hold on. Who's the wall clock? - Step over there. - Okay. - Do this. - Okay. - My point. (crowd laughing) - [Jaidynn] Anyways, we are here to present this award for the sexy, sexy drag queen. - Let us announce these awful nominees. Kandy Ho! - And we all know how she got that last name. - In the back alley honey. - Whore. (crowd laughing) Miss Fame. - Oh, the brand. Since when did the dollar store become a brand? (crowd laughing) - And Max. Girl, ain't that the queen from that movie "Powder?" (crowd laughing) - The winner is - Girl. (drum roll) - Miss Fame! (brass music) (crowd cheering) - I wish I could cry but goddamn Botox got me every time. Other than that I'd like to thank Mexico for the tapeworm that snatched my body. And the man upstairs, thank you so much for the light. I look great! (crowd laughing) Thank you so much! - [Announcer] Next up. Pearl and Max. - It is a true honor to be presenting the Despy Award for most busted drag queen. What is a busted drag queen? I'm glad you asked. - Oh yes. The nominees are Mrs. Potato, I mean Miss Jaidynn Diore Fierce. (crowd laughing) - Miss Ginger Minj. Girl. After we swing on by gator land, we can get on back to my apartment and swing on my husband. (crowd laughing) The Brooke Hogan of drag, Katya. (crowd laughing) - And last but certainly not youngest, Mrs. Kasha Davis. (crowd laughing) - Did you hear that dear? (RuPaul laughing) And the winner is (drum roll) (gasping) - Jaidynn Diore Fierce! (brass music) (crowd cheering) - Thank you to all my fellow horrible drag queens. I hope you all burn in hell. (RuPaul laughing) And I mean it. (crowd cheering) - [Announcer] Next up, Ginger Minj and Kandy Ho. - I am so honored to be here at the first annual Despy Awards. - And I'm working off community service. (crowd laughing) - We've gathered the very best to present the award for the shadiest shade. (Ginger gasping) - Congratulations Kandy! Oh, I think it's high time that your beard gets the public recognition it deserves. (crowd laughing) - No, no Ginger. This award is for that girl who knows how to throw the shade and not apply it. - And the nominees are - the girl who puts the fun in ele-funt, Ginger Minj. (crowd laughing) - The, how do I say this and remain socially responsible? "Black horse" of the competition, Kennedy Davenport. (crowd laughing) - And last, as usual, Violet Chachki! And the award goes to Violet Chachki! (brass music) (crowd cheering) - You don't like me. You really don't like me! And last but not least, God, thanks. (RuPaul laughing) (crowd clapping) - Next up, Miss Fame and Violet Chachki. - Are there any married couples in the house? Michelle Visage, how long? - 17 years. - Ooh girl, no, how long? (crowd laughing) - As someone who is highly experienced with handling meat, I cannot wait to hear the nominees for meatiest tuck. - Oh, so you work in meat packing? - [Violet] You could say that. - Oh. - Then let's go ahead and receive the nominees. - [Fame] Katya, VIP. - Very impressive package. Jaidynn Diore Fierce. - Hey girl! - Meatiest tuck? Girl, let's be honest, looks like she smuggled a honey-baked ham in her panties. (crowd laughing) That brings us to our last nominee. Pearl. - Pearl. - Pearl's tucking ability is just like her personality, semi-precious, exhausted, and barely there. (crowd laughing) And the Despy Award goes to Katya! (brass music) (crowd cheering) - I believe it was the great American painter Bob Ross who said (RuPaul laughing) "The key to a swollen vagina is courage." (RuPaul laughing) (crowd cheering) - Have a good night everyone. Thank you so much. (crowd cheering) (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) - Hi everybody! Well I'm gonna be your hostess and MC. I'm just gonna start off with saying I'm sorry. (crowd laughing) So um, how many of y'all saw season 5? Season 5, "RuPaul's Drag Race?" (crowd cheering) You saw the roast? Yeah, I suck. I suck more than Michelle Visage at a truck stop with a glory hole, right? So listen, I'm here, you know, just struggling, another thing I struggle with is my weight. Anybody struggle with weight? - Woo! - Yeah, girl. I mean I just don't know how to get rid of those extra pounds. And these damn airports, you know, the bags can only be 50 pounds and it costs a lot of money to look this cheap, you know? But I'm so excited, are y'all ready for some real comedy? - [Crowd] Yeah! - 'Cause I'm dying up here ladies and gentlemen. Now, I'm not the funniest. (crowd laughing) - You killed that one sis! (crowd laughing) - First up out of the gate, besides myself, is these two girls. One thing that they do love is the color orange. Coco Montrese and Phi Phi O'Hara! (crowd cheering) (funky music) - Woo! Hey daddy. - Oh my God, Cocita, there you are! (crowd laughing) How's everything out here on the strip tonight? - Oh girl it ain't going to good honey. The last john I sat on, woof, I had Mexican food, it wasn't that good. - Man, I'm so sorry to hear that, but I have a little favor to ask of you. - What you want girl? - Think you could do my makeup? - Sit down. I got my good stuff. - Oh my God I'm so excited. You know every time I'm on like your social medias and stuff. - Mm-hm. - I'm always looking at your pictures and I'm like oh my God, no filters. - Mm-hm. (crowd laughing) - Okay, well first tell me what is the first step in this, you know, Cocita makeup tutorial? - First, you gotta take that bag of cheesy chips girl. - Okay. Okay. (crowd laughing) - Crush it up real good. - Okay. Okay. - Then you gotta, you gotta just take it and beat that face. - Oh, oh. - I mean girl you got to beat it, beat it like you stole something. (crowd laughing) So what's this audition for anyway? - Well I'm gonna be an actress. - Girl, I hope it's not a musical. You know any instrument you play you gotta blow. - That's not true mama, I've been writing a lot of stuff. ♪ Jump in a car ♪ ♪ And jump out ♪ ♪ The cops are coming, put the hands on the hood ♪ - Girl, hold on. Hold on. Hold on girl. I got something for you. - Oh, what's this? - I got you a key. - A key? - 'Cause you can't seem to find one girl. (funky music) - [Katya] Coco and Phi Phi are not so much doing a comedy routine, but a live-action off, off, off, off Broadway theater production of "Hookers at the Point." (crowd cheering) - Hey there! What seems to be going on? (crowd cheering) (judges laughing) So Rocky was bombing up here, so yeah, she asked me to come and finish the show for her. You don't wanna see anymore of her, right? My name is Tasha Salad. I was on season 5 of "Rupaul's Drag Race." Do you remember? I'm so excited to be here. I just got off the best Italian vacation. I was over in the beautiful Thousand Island on a beautiful ranch. And let me tell you, I flew in just to try and save her ass. Are you ready for some more comedy? Are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready? (crowd cheering) Ladies and gentlemen, she is the blue cheese to the other one's crumbles. (crowd laughing) Make some noise, this is Alyssa Edwards and Alaska! (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - My name is Alaska, just like the state. - My name is Alyssa Edwards. - Yes. - And this definitely ain't nobody's secret, that this gigorama is completely full of buffoonery, (crowd laughing) rigory, (crowd laughing) and straight up tomfoolery. (crowd laughing) - Totally. (crowd laughing) Alyssa, we're in the company of some amazing queens tonight. - Where? (crowd laughing) - Ouch. (crowd laughing) Detox and Tatianna are here. - The heels have eyes part two, the remix. (crowd laughing) - Bam. (crowd laughing) Alyssa, describe Michelle Visage in one word. Go. (drum roll) - Beast! (crowd laughing) - Burn. (crowd laughing) Alyssa, I want to thank you so much for being my partner tonight. Don't worry, if drag doesn't work out, you'll always have something to fall back on. Your back rolls. (crowd laughing) - These next two girls, let me tell you, they are so nutty. Besides walnuts and almonds, these are my favorite nuts ladies and gentlemen. Make some noise! This is Ginger Minj and Katya! (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) - It's not the first time she's gotten clap from a room full of people. (crowd laughing) Well hey y'all! How are you? You know I'm so excited to be here tonight, sharing the stage with my BFF, Katya! (crowd cheering) Now I know most of you might be sitting out there asking yourself "Self", that's what you say, you say "Self, "now how does a delicate, petite, "little cross dresser for Christ "become best friends with a disease-riddled, "low-rent, Russian whore?" (crowd laughing) - You see I spend most of my time on my back while she tries to find someone to shave hers. (crowd laughing) - It's funny 'cause it's true (laughing). Seriously, this one right here has more fish than an all you can eat seafood buffet. - That's funny Ginger. I'm sure you know all about the buffet, you know because you're fat. (crowd laughing) - Shut up. I will turn you into immigration, balky. All right? (crowd laughing) - But through it all, we have plunged head-first into the most beautiful friendship and we have never looked back. Mostly because she doesn't have a neck and she can't really turn her head. (crowd laughing) Thank you all so much. Good night! - No, bitch, get back here! I got asthma but I will catch you. (crowd laughing) - Ladies and gentlemen, do I look a little slimmer to you? Like I lost some weight? Do you wanna know my secret? I started using light dressing. (scattered clapping) Get it? - [Drag Queen] We got it girl. We got it. - Okay, next up, well one of these girls, she is so fishy. She is the sardines in Caesar dressing. The other girl prefers un-cut carrots in her salad. Make some noise! This is Detox and Tatianna! (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - Hey! Hello! Hello! Hello! My name is Lydia Ladybits. - And I'm Beatrice Backdoor. (crowd laughing) Thank y'all so much for coming to tonight's event. It's a benefit for Babies Battling Bulimia. (crowd laughing) - But I already see there's a bevy of beautiful, bitter bitches already here hitting the buffet. (crowd laughing) Be and I met last year at Patty's Pooches with Prolapse garden party. We did. - Oh my God. - The rosebuds were in full bloom. - The assholes were out, literally. (crowd laughing) Especially this one's date. - Date? I came alone. - You came with Carlos the gardener! (crowd laughing) Well, what? You were blowing saliva water balloons. (crowd laughing) And all you guys are here, giving your time and your money to this lovely benefit for teeny-tiny, teeny-tiny tots. But I just want to know when you're gonna have some teeny-tiny tots of your own their Be? - I've always wanted some. My doctor keeps telling me that my test, that my ovaries are just getting in the way. (crowd laughing) You know, I've always wanted to tell you something. There's a secret behind the woman that you see here today. - Oh no, is there really? - Oh this is hard for me to say. - It's okay dar, spit it out. No matter what you're about to tell me, you will always be in my eyes, my best girl friend. (crowd laughing) - You see, I used to have braces. (crowd laughing) - Oh Be! You are incredible Be! We'll see you next year. Oh, oh no. That Sally Field, that (beep) lied to me about the Boniva. - Come on. - Let's do it. (crowd cheering) - Ladies and gentlemen, the joy is on the show, say yeah! (crowd cheering) We want to thank you guys for coming out tonight. And if you can't laugh at yourself, how in the hell are you gonna laugh at somebody else? Can I get an amen? - [Crowd] Amen! - Good night! (upbeat music) - Michelle, is that Dahlia? - Yes. She's stalking us. - Oh. The Big Pink Furry Box Theater presents "Jackie Cox: Between Two Parents." (crowd cheering) - Hello! Hello! Now it may be hard to believe from what you see in front of you, but both of my parents are scientists. (crowd laughing) my father is a mild-mannered Canadian with a very dry sense of humor. My mother is from Iran and like many immigrant parents, had a very clear list of things that she wanted me to accomplish to fulfill her dreams. Top of which is become a doctor. And nowhere on this list (crowd laughing) was drag queen. Bouncing between these two households, my parents clearly did not stay married, was something that challenged me in many different ways. Take my mother for instance, I'm maybe 12 years old, watching the TV. (crowd laughing) - What is this? (crowd laughing) I do not approve of these Spice Girls. This is too sexy-mexy. Go to your room and go study your book on male anatomy. Well you don't have to tell me twice. (crowd laughing) So I hear you are interested in performing and music and dancing. I believe in you. Okay, first things first, we're gonna start with ballet and then jazz and then tap and then all of the dancing starting from Flamenco to Salsa. Dad, this is a lot. I don't know if that's what I want to do. But a few years later I started to get a little bit of an idea. Me and a few friends sneak out and we drive down to Chicago Gay Pride. And that's when I see them for the first time. They look eight feet tall, giant high heels, giant hair. These aren't just women, these are drag queens. And I am mesmerized. (crowd clapping) I decide to take home a little souvenir. A beautiful white feather boa with sparkly parts in it too. I get home, sneak that boa, hide it up in the top-most corner of my closet. (crowd laughing) What is this? (crowd laughing) If my mom can get past the fact that I'm a drag queen on national television, hopefully she'll get over this impression of her. And what have I figured out? Having someone in your corner who is always cheering you on and believes in you, that's love. And I learned that having someone who always wants to make sure that nothing bad will ever happen to you, that's real love. And I also learned to hide that feather boa a little better. (crowd laughing) (crowd cheering) Thank you guys! (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) - I'm a little worried having to follow this act because she definitely put a lot of herself and her heart in it, and I'm not playing myself at all. - Next, Crystal Methyd in "Phenomenal Phil, Exotic Dance Instructor." (dance music) (crowd cheering) - Thank you, thank you! How we doing tonight ladies? (crowd cheering) (judges laughing) All right, well I'm Phenomenal Phil, exotic dance instructor to the stars. (RuPaul laughing) I worked with Channing Tatum. I taught him how to do "the worm." (crowd laughing) I've also taught Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson how to do "the sprinkler." (crowd cheering) (RuPaul laughing) I even taught Betty White how to do "the jerk." (crowd cheering) (judges laughing) Are y'all ready to start feeling yourself? (crowd cheering) I brought you moves from my dance training DVD "Fill Me Up." (Whoopi laughing) (crowd cheering) This first move is "the litter box." But (crowd laughing) get yourself in the mind of a pussycat. And then you gotta get that soiled sand like out of here! Get it out! (crowd laughing) And then we're gonna dump it, okay? (crowd oh-ing) Get it out! (crowd laughing) Fill her up! We're not done yet. But we probably got some on our legs, so give a little bit of this, (crowd laughing) a little of that. - All right, Crystal. She's killing it out here. (crowd woo-ing) You might have to change your name to Phenomenal Phil after this performance. - This is my big money maker. It's "the Brazilian banana inspector." (crowd ooh-ing) Start up and just find the banana in the tree. I think they grow on trees. (crowd laughing) Pull it down and then you gotta make sure you work the nips on the way down. So (mumbling). (crowd laughing) And a little bit of that! And then we work it down to the hips. (crowd cheering) (RuPaul laughing) All right everybody. I think that's about all the time I have for today. I'll be in the back selling my DVD but only for about 20 minutes because I'm performing at a bar mitzvah later! (crowd laughing) (upbeat music) Thank you! (crowd cheering) - Up next, Heidi Aphrodite in "Cookout With Your Cheeks Out." - Ooh, y'all look so good! Y'all look so good. I really just want to give y'all some of my hometown livin'. The first member of my family I want you to meet is my grandmother. She's the one who raised me and she really hates everyone. (crowd laughing) Let me introduce you to grandmother. 'Bout time all y'all got here in my house! Now y'all best stop opening up my door and stuff. I don't pay to air-condition the outside. Oh Lord have mercy here comes Sharon with that nasty-ass potato salad. Oh Lord. (crowd laughing) Hello. Hello, how are you all doing? I brought the potato salad. Don't worry, I'm a put it right here in the middle. Now Sharon, I done told you about that potato salad. You don't season it. You don't put the right potatoes in it. You don't even put mustard in it. (gasping) How dare you talk about my potato salad! And there's always Uncle Rob, the drunk. (crowd laughing) Why y'all... (hiccuping) (crowd lady laughing) Why y'all fightin'? Rob, I done told you, take your drunk-ass and sit down somewhere, always in somebody's business. The party don't start 'til cousin Slick walks in. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo wassup? (mumbling gibberish) Wassup, wassup, wassup yo. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. Yo what's here to eat? Aunt Sharon says "You know, it's my potato salad here. "You know, it's so good." No, no, no Aunt Sharon. No, no, no. You know the last time I had your potato salad (laughing) I had to blow that bathroom up! (crowd laughing) Dumb-ass. (crowd laughing) Just you wait and see Sharon. I'm gonna laugh right in your face. - Heidi is not giving what I expected from Heidi. - Yo, yo, yo, I gotta go. Bye, bye, bye, bye. - Baby, the ship is, it's not sinking but there's a few holes in it. - Have a good night everybody. (crowd cheering) - The Furry Box Theater presents Gigi Goode in "Welcome Aboard Brimstone Airways." (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) - Good morning sinners. Welcome aboard Brimstone Airways flight 666, non-stop to hell. (crowd laughing) Right, you all did something in your lives to piss off the big guy upstairs. I'm gonna let you know why a couple of you are here, all right? Let's see. You. You in the front row in this ripped-up denim jacket, what's your name? - Derek. - Gary, nice to meet you Gary. (crowd laughing) Gary. Your credit score sucks Gary. (crowd laughing) You. What's your name? - Morgan. - I'm gonna call you Karen from now on. Is that okay? (crowd laughing) I'm gonna tell you why you're on your way to hell Karen, it's because you're a goddamn hippocrite. (crowd laughing) All right? I see you mixing textiles. (crowd oh-ing) He's paying attention. (crowd laughing) Give me one second. I'm gonna gather my extremely important tools. (opening drawer) All right. If you'll kindly familiarize yourself with the lack of exits on this aircraft. You look to my left and right, that's right, no exits here. (crowd laughing) Okay? For your in-flight snacks we have just one option. It's peanuts. (crowd ah-ing) Unsalted peanuts. (crowd laughing) Welcome to hell, bitch. (crowd laughing) Okay, let's see where I'm at now. All right. So. - I love Gigi's concept but I'm seeing Gigi kind of trying to remember her outline and keep going back to it when she's on a roll on different jokes. - Okay. All right. So, when we do land, something will magically open, then you'll get off and immediately engulfed in flames. So as stated before, that tiny piece of fabric with metal attached to it is not gonna protect you from (beep) Karen. (crowd laughing) Or you Gary. (crowd laughing) I see you're wearing distressed denim, it's 2020. (crowd laughing) Let's keep that in mind. All right, I've just received word from the captain that we are beginning our initial decent. On behalf of Brimstone Airways, I want to thank you for choosing us as your means of transportation today. And please, enjoy your stay in Detroit. (crowd laughing) Thank you. Burn in hell. Thank you. Go (beep) yourself Gary. (crowd laughing) - Up next, Jaida Essence Hall in "The P in Pageant." (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - Hey blow bitches, my name is Jaida Essence Hall, and for those of you who do not know me, I am a drag queen and a badass bitch, okay? (crowd cheering) And for those of you who do know me, I am sorry. (RuPaul laughing) I'm a take you all on a tour of one of the worst experiences that has ever happened to me in my life. Now one time I was hired to judge and perform at a pageant. The girls are beautiful. They're walking around in these beautiful gowns, and I get a little shake in my right leg. Child, ooh. So I look over for a familiar face. Hey Rue! Except Rue happens to be my boyfriend. He comes on over. I'm in a situation, I'm a need a little bit of help, okay? The category is over, I push the chair back, I start to run. Baby, I have to piss. Tap him on the shoulder. Run into the bathroom. (footsteps) Ooh, y'all are not feeling it. That's (mumbling). (crowd laughing) That's all right, we're going on a journey. Okay. And I'm like okay baby. Help me out here. I'm pulling up my dress. He's all on the floor. He's fumbling around. I'm like baby come on, come on, come on, come on, come on! And then I stop. (peeing sound effect) - [Man In Crowd] Uh-oh. (peeing sound effect) (crowd laughing) - All I can do is look down at my man on the floor, (crowd laughing) looking up at me, covered in urine. I head back to the judges table, the head judge says "Please, please, please "can we get some air freshener over here?" (crowd oh-ing) - Oh no. - But then he looks over and says "These other judges to the left, "they have hot dogs with onions on them." (crowd oh-ing) (inhaling sharply) - Jaida. Was that the joke? Look over there! - To me, this was one of the most terrifying things that ever happened in my life, and sadly I just played that in front of y'all and y'all didn't even laugh at the (beep), but that's all right. (crowd laughing) I hope y'all had a great time. And that was the night that I put the P in Pageant. (crowd cheering) Thank you! Terrible. Terrible. Terrible. - [Announcer] And here's Jujubee. (crowd cheering) - Welcome to "RuPaul's Shady Shack." It's the grand opening, okay? And I want to say I am so happy to see all of you here. I see some new faces. I see some old faces. I see some new old faces. (crowd laughing) Work. No really, like lots and lots and lots of work. Shea, your lips. Michelle, your titties. And you over here, I know them shoulders are fake baby, you weren't born with those shoulders. Mm-hm. Ross, I am so glad you're here tonight. People don't know that you actually wrote a book. Oh, sorry, wait, wait, wait. Blair, so a book is a whole bunch of pages with words. Ross, you know I love you and I did try to buy your book online, and it basically said people who bought this book also searched for chardonnay, lip gloss, a life. (crowd laughing) Anyways, I notice that Gwyneth Paltrow wrote the intro to your book. Isn't it upsetting that the lady who could convince millions of women out there to stick stones in their pussy, still not be able to convince them to buy your book? (crowd laughing) (Ross laughing) - That's great. - I wish I had one blonde joke, but she's sitting over there. (crowd laughing) Now, I think I've been a little harsh tonight, but you know what? This ain't RuPaul Best Friend Race. Michelle already won that. - Thank you. (crowd laughing) - And Michelle, I think of you like I think of my mom. Resentfully. (crowd laughing) I'm Jujubee, good night! (funky music) (crowd cheering) - Woo! - Thank you. Jujubee, nice try. - Oh-ho-ho-ho. - Michelle Visage is here. I've been told by many that she's the first lady of Jersey, the very first, (crowd laughing) of all time. - Sounds right. (flipping page) - Now, I can't really make fun of age. I mean, people say all the time, "Blair, "you look so young!" But I am a grown, gay man and I do (beep) ass with the crust cut off. (crowd laughing) Now speaking of crusty assholes, Sam Richardson is here tonight everyone! (crowd laughing) - Hey. - That's all. And Jane Krakowski, it is so inspiring to have you with us tonight as well. You know, I just can't understand how you keep escaping from the old folks home. (crowd chuckling) (flipping pages) Ross is so important to this show. I mean, it only took 10 years of constant appearances for RuPaul to finally make him a permanent judge on the show. I mean, what, was tadra-kalt busy? (flipping page) I'm just kidding. I think what you do here is so valuable. I mean, every Destiny's Child needs its Michelle. And every judging panel needs that one person to make the guest judges feel just that much more famous! - Oh, I do declare this is a dumpster fire. - If you love me tonight, my name is Blair St. Clair. And if you hated me, it's Derrick Barry. (crowd clapping) - Oh my goodness! Hello! (crowd cheering) My name is Miz Cracker and I am so happy to see people. I don't know if you know this, but if you are a drag race contestant, they do not let you socialize like at all. They say this is like the Olympics of drag, no. This is like gay-tanamo bay. Please help me. (crowd laughing) Um. I am a New Yorker but like not in a mean way. Um. I am a Jew. So I get to say it that way. You do not. (crowd laughing) But most importantly I am a drag queen. I've been telling these girls from the beginning, like let's just be nice to each other tonight, but I guess I'm like Shea Coulee's music 'cause nobody listens to me. Do you know what I'm saying? (crowd laughing) There's this stereotype that drag queens have to be like beautiful in their makeup and glamorous and everything, but that is not necessarily true. Look at Juju, okay? Look at her. (crowd laughing) What was I saying? Oh, right, humility and love that's what it was. (crowd laughing) Also, I'm against body shaming, completely. Because I was a chubby kid and I know what body shaming can do to a person, you know? It works! Yeah! Ow! Ow! (crowd laughing) Obvious, everything you see is on sale! Yeah! Oh! Thank you everybody so much. (upbeat music) I appreciate you so much. (crowd cheering) - Hi everybody. How you doing tonight? (crowd cheering quietly) Oh, come on, you guys can do better than that. You had Miz Cracker's entire set to take a nap. (crowd laughing) Come on, so how you doin' tonight? (crowd cheering) Oh, that's so much better. Ladies and gentlemen, we've got the lovely Miss Blair St. Clair here. And, you guys, I don't wanna ruin too much, but she had a bit of a rough week last week. She failed her driver's test. (crowd laughing) Miz Cracker, make some noise for her. (crowd cheering) I love her. She's just so animated, larger than life. It's like she's a living, breathing puppet, you know? She's got this big head and these tiny little feet, and only becomes animated when you put your fist in her. (crowd laughing) Yeah. Yeah. Has anyone in here ever been robbed before? Well I have. And no I'm not talking about the finale of season 9. (crowd laughing) But for real, you know, it's been quite an interesting journey for me. Um. I've been going to therapy and for the longest time I thought that therapy was just for white people with money, and I was wrong. It is also for black people with money. (crowd laughing) But it's kind of embarrassing to tell your therapist that rose petals are one of your triggers, you know? For real, like rose petals have been following me around for the past three years like I'm James Earl Jones in "Coming to America." (crowd laughing) The only difference, he had a crown. (crowd laughing) Thank you so much. That's all the time I have for tonight. (crowd cheering) (upbeat music)- Hey all stars. - Hey. - So, a queen walks out of a bar and into the drag race hall of fame. But first, she's got to put her money where her funny is. (gasping) And I'm not joking, bitch. Where are the jokes? (bass beat) - Hello. (crowd clapping) Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Anybody else on their period? (crowd laughing) You know, I'm a little bit into the horror movies. Can you guess which one? "Carrie", yes. How many people have seen "Carrie" actually? Let's see. Good. Good. The real special thing about Carrie is that she has telekinetic powers. Telekinesis means that you can move things with your mind. The last time I moved anything with my head, it was in a motel room (crowd laughing) the John through $40 on my (beep) and told me to get the (beep) out. (crowd laughing) I was like I'm leaving, (beep) leaving. Good God. You ain't gotta yell at me like that. I'll see you at home dad. (crowd laughing) (upbeat music) - I'm a drag queen. When you first start doing drag it's like you want to be the fishiest, you want to have the best body, but now I want to be a fat girl. I want to be a fat girl. You can get (beep) from anywhere. Every guy wants to secretly (beep) a fat bitch, number one. So I'm not gonna have no man problems, okay? I want to be like really fat. I want to get pregnant and not even know it. (crowd laughing) Have you seen those specials on TV? And it's usually a big girl. It's like, of course she didn't know she was (beep) pregnant. (crowd laughing) You know what I mean? I want to go to the bathroom, sit on the toilet and become a mother. (crowd laughing) Okay? No matter what size I am, I will be the body beautiful. Always. Okay? Do you want to see? A little preview. (crowd cheering) And I will still (beep) turn it darling, always. (upbeat music) - Woo! (crowd cheering) Yes bitches! It is not Angelina Jolie. It is not Beyonce. It's your girl Alexis all the way from Puerto Rico. (yelling in Spanish) (crowd cheering) Honey. And I am so excited because I always wanted to be a star honey. So I left Puerto Rico behind and I moved to United States, all the way to Florida. I did travel in first class, right in front of that boat, baby. Honey, I'm a Latina girl and I only have two options in this country, being a housekeeper or being a stripper bitches. And y'all know I didn't came here to clean toilets, baby. So I became a stripper, baby! (crowd cheering) Yes ma'am, honey, if God gave it to you baby, you better make some money. (crowd laughing) Yes ma'am. I am here and I'm queer baby! (bass beat) - Mm-hm. I said bitch better have my money. Right? Let me tell you something baby, they call me Laqueefa. Laqueefa the P and P. Now that stands for the postmodern pimp-ho. (crowd laughing) Postmodern pimp-ho means yes I'm still a pimp, but I'm also my own ho. (crowd laughing) That's right. 'Cause of the recession y'all, I'm telling you, I done have to scale back, you know? And sometimes I don't even pay myself my own money. (crowd laughing) Uh-huh. If I did maybe I could get some shoes so my toes weren't hanging five inches off the edge. (crowd laughing) Yeah. I know you trying to clown me for my cliffhangers. Yeah. I saw it. You know, and they always trying to clown me on the block, baby. They always saying "Laqueefa!" I say "What?" (crowd laughing) They say "Laqueefa, where your ho's at?" I said, "Bitch, don't you see "I'm wearing four pair of hose right here "holding back my (beep)?" (crowd laughing) You know, I had a dumb-ass girlfriend that went and joined PETA. She came screaming at me last week, talking like "Laqueefa!" I said "What?" (crowd laughing) She said "Laqueefa, don't you know "how many innocent animals had to die "for you to have that fur coat?" I said "Bitch, "do you know how many rich animals "I had to (beep) to get this coat?" (crowd laughing) Stupid bitch! (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - Hi everyone. My parents weren't really big about the TV. I really only had like PBS and "Sesame Street." "Sesame Street" was one gay-ass block. (crowd laughing) Okay, obviously we have Bert and Ernie, I mean they're so gay they practically are board members of "GLAD." Um. Now, one of my favorite people that lives on Sesame Street is the Count. He's one of those old, Liberace gays. And he loves collecting chachkies like Faberge eggs. One Faberge egg. Two Faberge egg. Three Faberge egg. Ah-ah-ah. (crowd laughing) (upbeat Latin American music) (crowd cheering) (crowd laughing) (crowd cheering) - Hi. I'm Yara Sofia. I'm gonna make a long story short. I met a guy in a club and he took me to a wonder restaurant he called McDonald's. (crowd laughing) "Do you want a chicken sandwich?" What the heck is chicken? She told me "Chicken means polla." Polla means (beep) in Spain! (crowd laughing) I said "I don't want to eat a (beep) sandwich." After that he took me to the apartment and he took her clothes off. Oh my god, what the hell is that? It was huge. The difference between an onion and a 14-inch (beep), both maked me cry. (crowd laughing) (crowd cheering) (fart sound) Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out! There was (beep) all over the bed. I felt like Willie Wonka's chocolate factory! (RuPaul laughing) (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - My name's Delta Work. I'm in my early to, early 30's. And I'm here in Southern California just kind of looking for love, you know? And it's kind of hard for a big girl like me because it's so body conscious in L.A. and it freaks me out to think who is gonna want a girl like me? (crowd laughing) What? Is that funny? (crowd laughing) Like I see these stories about these girls, they go out running and then they get like abducted and assaulted and you know it's like I have to eat frozen burritos. I have to watch the marathon of "Hoarders." Because if I go out and exercise, I'm gonna get raped. (crowd laughing) You guys have been an amazing audience, thank you so much for coming out. We appreciate you coming out. (crowd cheering) (bass beat) (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - Hey! (crowd cheering) My name is Miss Darienne Lake. I like to say miss 'cause it lets the boys know I'm single. (crowd laughing) You know? Of course my 14 cats and my appearance on "Hoarders, Buried Alive" might also let them know I'm single. (crowd laughing) I asked my mother, I'm like "Mom, "how did I end up so twisted? "Like did you like drop me on my head when I was a baby?" She was like "Honey, you have to be held to be dropped." (crowd laughing) I am here representing all the big and curvy girls. - Hey. (crowd clapping) - I'm trying to get in shape. I mean, well round is a shape, you know? - [Crowd Member] Yes, it is. - At the gym, I'm like a ninja. You will never see me there. (crowd laughing) I know we got some old people here in the audience tonight. Yes, how y'all doing? Yeah, did you guys all come together on the ark? (crowd laughing) Tell Noah I say "Hello." (crowd laughing) - As you may have all gathered from my accent, I am from Idaho. (crowd laughing) I'm kidding. I'm from Australia. Land of kangaroos, land of Olivia Newton-John, and "throw another shrimp on the barbie." - Yeah. - Well, what if I don't want shrimp thrown on me? (crowd laughing) I want to look fishy, not smell fishy. All right? (crowd laughing) So, I moved to America recently. I moved to West Hollywood. And I've written a little bit of a song about some of the people that I've met there and I'd like to sing it for you now. ♪ They'll take you down with just one look ♪ ♪ They hunt in packs, they don't read books ♪ ♪ Injectable tans and old tattoos ♪ ♪ Too young for Botox, got nothing to lose ♪ ♪ They're the mean gays, they live in West Hollywood ♪ ♪ They're the mean gays ♪ ♪ They'll take your wood if they could ♪ ♪ I'm a mean gay ♪ ♪ Well you would if you could ♪ ♪ I might look nice but do think twice ♪ ♪ Before you take me on ♪ (crowd clapping) (upbeat music) Thank you. - Hi. You're probably wondering why I look like a Mexican Katy Perry right now aren't you? My mother is a chola. Do you guys know what a chola is? Can I get a show of hands? Yeah, we're in L.A. mother-(beep). Yeah. (man laughing) My mom's a chola and she likes big (beep). Okay. No, yeah. I was really scared when I heard that senior citizens were gonna be in the (beep) audience tonight, okay? Just blame my (beep) grandma because she likes to go to TJ and get work done so I never grasped the concept to respect my elders. The bitch never ages. She has a fake ass and a fake hip, and I'm pretty sure the ass came first and broke the hip so I don't know what the hell she's doing. But anyways, my grandma's a whore. No? Okay cool. It's my first time people. (laughing nervously) You guys having fun? (crowd cheering) - Yeah. (upbeat music) - I'll mow your lawns later. - My name is BenDeLaCreme, hold for applause. Okay. And I'm delighted to be here with a live audience. I love it when there's people just right in front of me and I can feel like I could just reach right out and touch you if I wanted to. I don't want to, don't worry about that. But I feel like I could if I wanted to which is a great option to have. I'm far away from my hometown of Seattle, Washington. It's the city that never dries, but you know its rain is not so bad. It is a moist area, but it's my moist area and I love it. A lot of people come there you just need to wear the right protection, you know? There's a lot of stereotypes about Seattleites, but they're really just regular folk. Extremely regular folk. You know, caffeine, all in line for the restroom. We love a good rest. But, um, but, I digress. The point is I feel like I've learned to sort of weave a story, bring somebody on an arc that really ends somewhere, where they feel like the whole thing's been meaningful and they're gonna wind up with something that made the whole thing worthwhile. - [Man In Crowd] So tell us a joke. (bass note) - Good night everybody. - [Michelle] Wow. (upbeat music) (crowd clapping) - Hey, hey, hey, hey! Put your lighters up! Ganja's in the house! Yeah-ow! As you can tell from my accent, I am from Dallas, Tex-ass. And it was not very easy growing up looking like this. Whether I was playing in my grandma's clothes or putting on a show for my well-organized, alphabetically ordered beanie-babies, I was gug-guh-guh-gay. Okay? But it wasn't until I moved to Los Angeles that I discovered marijuana. I mean I like to smoke. Y'all I am just flying as high as your receding hairline, okay? (crowd groaning) Marijuana really does help me calm down. So y'all, I went to Valencia where they filmed the TV show "Weeds." Now, y'all, it's very dry. It's almost kind of like your vagina. (crowd groaning) Can I get an amen? Now y'all, I am a tree-hugger because if it ain't green, ha, I'm not interested, okay? (scattered clapping) (upbeat music) - Get up and show me some love. Come on. Get up. Show me some love. Get up. I got an honest (beep). Honest track. This stuff is hot. (crowd clapping) Thank you. Thank you. This ain't easy. I am not a comedian so go ahead sit down. Sit down. Sit down. Sit down. (beep) (beep) Sit down. (laughing) So if you all have not already noticed, I am black. But don't be worried, you know, you don't have to hold onto your purses and your wallets, I already got 'em. (crowd laughing) Growing up for me was really hard because we were really poor. We were like "Good Times" poor. It was really, really gay. (RuPaul laughing) And um, the only way we had the opportunity to eat was my mother would read us recipes from a cook book. (crowd laughing) And oh how I got full many nights off of the roast beef on page 27. (crowd laughing) But a really unfortunate thing happened, my sister caught an ear infection so she starved to death. (crowd laughing) I really grew up a lot with my grandmother. I stayed at my grandmother's house, one, because she was just a sweet lady and two, because she had food. (crowd laughing) But, she had this really crazy obsession with her bills. And it was the light bill in particular. Everything involved the light bill. Stop running around my house like that, you're gonna run my light bill up. (crowd laughing) Stop flushing that toilet so much, you're gonna run my damn light bill up. (crowd laughing) Stop breathing so much, you're gonna run my light bill up. I just feel like I can be myself and just let my hair down with all of you people. - [Crowd Member] Whoa! (crowd laughing) - Good time. It's a party. It's a party! (crowd cheering) Yes! - You know, I've suffered from ADHD all of my life. It's a constant struggle every day. (crowd aww-ing) Ooh look, a rhinestone (giggling). (crowd laughing) But I'm always getting (beep) you know. "Oh, you're so skinny why don't you just eat something." Or "Eat a cheeseburger you skinny bitch." And all I want to say is "Well then give me something to eat, "I'm (beep) starving!" So I've got a little theory going here. Ever since I've come to the show and I've met RuPaul, I have a little theory here. I'm gonna run it by you. I've seen RuPaul in the work room out of drag. I see RuPaul here on the runway as a drag queen. Never in the same room at the same time. Both RuPaul's, same person. Pretty sure I cracked the code. (funky music) Just saying. (crowd cheering) - I am so excited to see the cast of "Cocoon" is here. (crowd laughing) You look fabulous! Miss! I'm over here. Bring both eyes. I'm right here! (crowd laughing) Damn, Pearl Harbor must've did ya in. (crowd laughing) On a lighter note, I'd like to let you know about my family. My mother is from Cuba and my dad is from Honduras, which basically means I have a large (beep), no credit, and a tendency to take things that don't belong to me. (crowd laughing) My mother insisted that we stay true to our Spanish heritage so my first words were "(knocking) house keeping." (crowd laughing) I like the gentleman in back who's sleeping, makes me feel right at home. Can you wake that bitch up? Yeah, the one right there with the horizontal stripes. Not a good look in your 3rd trimester sir, all right? (crowd laughing) All I've ever heard from the judges was that we need to see more versatility, and you know what I gotta say to y'all is that I will show you versatility when Santino wins a sewing competition and Visage wears a (beep) turtleneck. (crowd laughing) Ain't gonna happen! (crowd laughing) Well I gotta say I hope you guys had a lot of fun. And because I'm feeling extra special, I'm gonna put fresh tennis balls on every walker in the place. (crowd laughing) Jello, all around! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Mwah! (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) - [Announcer] Our hostesses with the mostesses, Mrs. Kasha Davis and Katya. (crowd clapping) - Oh my goodness everyone. We want to welcome you to the first annual Despy Awards. Now Katya, what in the hell does "Despy" stand for? - Well judging from the looks of the nominees, I'm gonna go with desperate, egotistical, sluts prancing in the yard. (RuPaul laughing) (crowd cheering) - [Kasha] Got it! - The talented Ginger Minj is here tonight or as I like to refer to her "the Danny DeVito of drag." (crowd laughing) - And we have in our presence Miss lame, shame, pain. - Whatever. - Whatever. - The gorgeous Pearl. The drag equivalent of a Valium taking a Xanax in a K-hole. (judges laughing) - And last but not least. - As usual. - We have - Violet. - Violet. (Violet laughing) (crowd laughing) - Please welcome to the stage the stars of Tyler Perry's "Roots", Kennedy Davenport and Miss Jaidynn Diore Fierce. (RuPaul laughing) (crowd clapping) - Hello everyone. Straight from Kunta Kinte's hut. (crowd laughing) The hourglass and the wall clock. (crowd laughing) - Hold on. Who's the wall clock? - Step over there. - Okay. - Do this. - Okay. - My point. (crowd laughing) - [Jaidynn] Anyways, we are here to present this award for the sexy, sexy drag queen. - Let us announce these awful nominees. Kandy Ho! - And we all know how she got that last name. - In the back alley honey. - Whore. (crowd laughing) Miss Fame. - Oh, the brand. Since when did the dollar store become a brand? (crowd laughing) - And Max. Girl, ain't that the queen from that movie "Powder?" (crowd laughing) - The winner is - Girl. (drum roll) - Miss Fame! (brass music) (crowd cheering) - I wish I could cry but goddamn Botox got me every time. Other than that I'd like to thank Mexico for the tapeworm that snatched my body. And the man upstairs, thank you so much for the light. I look great! (crowd laughing) Thank you so much! - [Announcer] Next up. Pearl and Max. - It is a true honor to be presenting the Despy Award for most busted drag queen. What is a busted drag queen? I'm glad you asked. - Oh yes. The nominees are Mrs. Potato, I mean Miss Jaidynn Diore Fierce. (crowd laughing) - Miss Ginger Minj. Girl. After we swing on by gator land, we can get on back to my apartment and swing on my husband. (crowd laughing) The Brooke Hogan of drag, Katya. (crowd laughing) - And last but certainly not youngest, Mrs. Kasha Davis. (crowd laughing) - Did you hear that dear? (RuPaul laughing) And the winner is (drum roll) (gasping) - Jaidynn Diore Fierce! (brass music) (crowd cheering) - Thank you to all my fellow horrible drag queens. I hope you all burn in hell. (RuPaul laughing) And I mean it. (crowd cheering) - [Announcer] Next up, Ginger Minj and Kandy Ho. - I am so honored to be here at the first annual Despy Awards. - And I'm working off community service. (crowd laughing) - We've gathered the very best to present the award for the shadiest shade. (Ginger gasping) - Congratulations Kandy! Oh, I think it's high time that your beard gets the public recognition it deserves. (crowd laughing) - No, no Ginger. This award is for that girl who knows how to throw the shade and not apply it. - And the nominees are - the girl who puts the fun in ele-funt, Ginger Minj. (crowd laughing) - The, how do I say this and remain socially responsible? "Black horse" of the competition, Kennedy Davenport. (crowd laughing) - And last, as usual, Violet Chachki! And the award goes to Violet Chachki! (brass music) (crowd cheering) - You don't like me. You really don't like me! And last but not least, God, thanks. (RuPaul laughing) (crowd clapping) - Next up, Miss Fame and Violet Chachki. - Are there any married couples in the house? Michelle Visage, how long? - 17 years. - Ooh girl, no, how long? (crowd laughing) - As someone who is highly experienced with handling meat, I cannot wait to hear the nominees for meatiest tuck. - Oh, so you work in meat packing? - [Violet] You could say that. - Oh. - Then let's go ahead and receive the nominees. - [Fame] Katya, VIP. - Very impressive package. Jaidynn Diore Fierce. - Hey girl! - Meatiest tuck? Girl, let's be honest, looks like she smuggled a honey-baked ham in her panties. (crowd laughing) That brings us to our last nominee. Pearl. - Pearl. - Pearl's tucking ability is just like her personality, semi-precious, exhausted, and barely there. (crowd laughing) And the Despy Award goes to Katya! (brass music) (crowd cheering) - I believe it was the great American painter Bob Ross who said (RuPaul laughing) "The key to a swollen vagina is courage." (RuPaul laughing) (crowd cheering) - Have a good night everyone. Thank you so much. (crowd cheering) (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) - Hi everybody! Well I'm gonna be your hostess and MC. I'm just gonna start off with saying I'm sorry. (crowd laughing) So um, how many of y'all saw season 5? Season 5, "RuPaul's Drag Race?" (crowd cheering) You saw the roast? Yeah, I suck. I suck more than Michelle Visage at a truck stop with a glory hole, right? So listen, I'm here, you know, just struggling, another thing I struggle with is my weight. Anybody struggle with weight? - Woo! - Yeah, girl. I mean I just don't know how to get rid of those extra pounds. And these damn airports, you know, the bags can only be 50 pounds and it costs a lot of money to look this cheap, you know? But I'm so excited, are y'all ready for some real comedy? - [Crowd] Yeah! - 'Cause I'm dying up here ladies and gentlemen. Now, I'm not the funniest. (crowd laughing) - You killed that one sis! (crowd laughing) - First up out of the gate, besides myself, is these two girls. One thing that they do love is the color orange. Coco Montrese and Phi Phi O'Hara! (crowd cheering) (funky music) - Woo! Hey daddy. - Oh my God, Cocita, there you are! (crowd laughing) How's everything out here on the strip tonight? - Oh girl it ain't going to good honey. The last john I sat on, woof, I had Mexican food, it wasn't that good. - Man, I'm so sorry to hear that, but I have a little favor to ask of you. - What you want girl? - Think you could do my makeup? - Sit down. I got my good stuff. - Oh my God I'm so excited. You know every time I'm on like your social medias and stuff. - Mm-hm. - I'm always looking at your pictures and I'm like oh my God, no filters. - Mm-hm. (crowd laughing) - Okay, well first tell me what is the first step in this, you know, Cocita makeup tutorial? - First, you gotta take that bag of cheesy chips girl. - Okay. Okay. (crowd laughing) - Crush it up real good. - Okay. Okay. - Then you gotta, you gotta just take it and beat that face. - Oh, oh. - I mean girl you got to beat it, beat it like you stole something. (crowd laughing) So what's this audition for anyway? - Well I'm gonna be an actress. - Girl, I hope it's not a musical. You know any instrument you play you gotta blow. - That's not true mama, I've been writing a lot of stuff. ♪ Jump in a car ♪ ♪ And jump out ♪ ♪ The cops are coming, put the hands on the hood ♪ - Girl, hold on. Hold on. Hold on girl. I got something for you. - Oh, what's this? - I got you a key. - A key? - 'Cause you can't seem to find one girl. (funky music) - [Katya] Coco and Phi Phi are not so much doing a comedy routine, but a live-action off, off, off, off Broadway theater production of "Hookers at the Point." (crowd cheering) - Hey there! What seems to be going on? (crowd cheering) (judges laughing) So Rocky was bombing up here, so yeah, she asked me to come and finish the show for her. You don't wanna see anymore of her, right? My name is Tasha Salad. I was on season 5 of "Rupaul's Drag Race." Do you remember? I'm so excited to be here. I just got off the best Italian vacation. I was over in the beautiful Thousand Island on a beautiful ranch. And let me tell you, I flew in just to try and save her ass. Are you ready for some more comedy? Are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready? (crowd cheering) Ladies and gentlemen, she is the blue cheese to the other one's crumbles. (crowd laughing) Make some noise, this is Alyssa Edwards and Alaska! (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - My name is Alaska, just like the state. - My name is Alyssa Edwards. - Yes. - And this definitely ain't nobody's secret, that this gigorama is completely full of buffoonery, (crowd laughing) rigory, (crowd laughing) and straight up tomfoolery. (crowd laughing) - Totally. (crowd laughing) Alyssa, we're in the company of some amazing queens tonight. - Where? (crowd laughing) - Ouch. (crowd laughing) Detox and Tatianna are here. - The heels have eyes part two, the remix. (crowd laughing) - Bam. (crowd laughing) Alyssa, describe Michelle Visage in one word. Go. (drum roll) - Beast! (crowd laughing) - Burn. (crowd laughing) Alyssa, I want to thank you so much for being my partner tonight. Don't worry, if drag doesn't work out, you'll always have something to fall back on. Your back rolls. (crowd laughing) - These next two girls, let me tell you, they are so nutty. Besides walnuts and almonds, these are my favorite nuts ladies and gentlemen. Make some noise! This is Ginger Minj and Katya! (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) - It's not the first time she's gotten clap from a room full of people. (crowd laughing) Well hey y'all! How are you? You know I'm so excited to be here tonight, sharing the stage with my BFF, Katya! (crowd cheering) Now I know most of you might be sitting out there asking yourself "Self", that's what you say, you say "Self, "now how does a delicate, petite, "little cross dresser for Christ "become best friends with a disease-riddled, "low-rent, Russian whore?" (crowd laughing) - You see I spend most of my time on my back while she tries to find someone to shave hers. (crowd laughing) - It's funny 'cause it's true (laughing). Seriously, this one right here has more fish than an all you can eat seafood buffet. - That's funny Ginger. I'm sure you know all about the buffet, you know because you're fat. (crowd laughing) - Shut up. I will turn you into immigration, balky. All right? (crowd laughing) - But through it all, we have plunged head-first into the most beautiful friendship and we have never looked back. Mostly because she doesn't have a neck and she can't really turn her head. (crowd laughing) Thank you all so much. Good night! - No, bitch, get back here! I got asthma but I will catch you. (crowd laughing) - Ladies and gentlemen, do I look a little slimmer to you? Like I lost some weight? Do you wanna know my secret? I started using light dressing. (scattered clapping) Get it? - [Drag Queen] We got it girl. We got it. - Okay, next up, well one of these girls, she is so fishy. She is the sardines in Caesar dressing. The other girl prefers un-cut carrots in her salad. Make some noise! This is Detox and Tatianna! (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - Hey! Hello! Hello! Hello! My name is Lydia Ladybits. - And I'm Beatrice Backdoor. (crowd laughing) Thank y'all so much for coming to tonight's event. It's a benefit for Babies Battling Bulimia. (crowd laughing) - But I already see there's a bevy of beautiful, bitter bitches already here hitting the buffet. (crowd laughing) Be and I met last year at Patty's Pooches with Prolapse garden party. We did. - Oh my God. - The rosebuds were in full bloom. - The assholes were out, literally. (crowd laughing) Especially this one's date. - Date? I came alone. - You came with Carlos the gardener! (crowd laughing) Well, what? You were blowing saliva water balloons. (crowd laughing) And all you guys are here, giving your time and your money to this lovely benefit for teeny-tiny, teeny-tiny tots. But I just want to know when you're gonna have some teeny-tiny tots of your own their Be? - I've always wanted some. My doctor keeps telling me that my test, that my ovaries are just getting in the way. (crowd laughing) You know, I've always wanted to tell you something. There's a secret behind the woman that you see here today. - Oh no, is there really? - Oh this is hard for me to say. - It's okay dar, spit it out. No matter what you're about to tell me, you will always be in my eyes, my best girl friend. (crowd laughing) - You see, I used to have braces. (crowd laughing) - Oh Be! You are incredible Be! We'll see you next year. Oh, oh no. That Sally Field, that (beep) lied to me about the Boniva. - Come on. - Let's do it. (crowd cheering) - Ladies and gentlemen, the joy is on the show, say yeah! (crowd cheering) We want to thank you guys for coming out tonight. And if you can't laugh at yourself, how in the hell are you gonna laugh at somebody else? Can I get an amen? - [Crowd] Amen! - Good night! (upbeat music) - Michelle, is that Dahlia? - Yes. She's stalking us. - Oh. The Big Pink Furry Box Theater presents "Jackie Cox: Between Two Parents." (crowd cheering) - Hello! Hello! Now it may be hard to believe from what you see in front of you, but both of my parents are scientists. (crowd laughing) my father is a mild-mannered Canadian with a very dry sense of humor. My mother is from Iran and like many immigrant parents, had a very clear list of things that she wanted me to accomplish to fulfill her dreams. Top of which is become a doctor. And nowhere on this list (crowd laughing) was drag queen. Bouncing between these two households, my parents clearly did not stay married, was something that challenged me in many different ways. Take my mother for instance, I'm maybe 12 years old, watching the TV. (crowd laughing) - What is this? (crowd laughing) I do not approve of these Spice Girls. This is too sexy-mexy. Go to your room and go study your book on male anatomy. Well you don't have to tell me twice. (crowd laughing) So I hear you are interested in performing and music and dancing. I believe in you. Okay, first things first, we're gonna start with ballet and then jazz and then tap and then all of the dancing starting from Flamenco to Salsa. Dad, this is a lot. I don't know if that's what I want to do. But a few years later I started to get a little bit of an idea. Me and a few friends sneak out and we drive down to Chicago Gay Pride. And that's when I see them for the first time. They look eight feet tall, giant high heels, giant hair. These aren't just women, these are drag queens. And I am mesmerized. (crowd clapping) I decide to take home a little souvenir. A beautiful white feather boa with sparkly parts in it too. I get home, sneak that boa, hide it up in the top-most corner of my closet. (crowd laughing) What is this? (crowd laughing) If my mom can get past the fact that I'm a drag queen on national television, hopefully she'll get over this impression of her. And what have I figured out? Having someone in your corner who is always cheering you on and believes in you, that's love. And I learned that having someone who always wants to make sure that nothing bad will ever happen to you, that's real love. And I also learned to hide that feather boa a little better. (crowd laughing) (crowd cheering) Thank you guys! (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) - I'm a little worried having to follow this act because she definitely put a lot of herself and her heart in it, and I'm not playing myself at all. - Next, Crystal Methyd in "Phenomenal Phil, Exotic Dance Instructor." (dance music) (crowd cheering) - Thank you, thank you! How we doing tonight ladies? (crowd cheering) (judges laughing) All right, well I'm Phenomenal Phil, exotic dance instructor to the stars. (RuPaul laughing) I worked with Channing Tatum. I taught him how to do "the worm." (crowd laughing) I've also taught Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson how to do "the sprinkler." (crowd cheering) (RuPaul laughing) I even taught Betty White how to do "the jerk." (crowd cheering) (judges laughing) Are y'all ready to start feeling yourself? (crowd cheering) I brought you moves from my dance training DVD "Fill Me Up." (Whoopi laughing) (crowd cheering) This first move is "the litter box." But (crowd laughing) get yourself in the mind of a pussycat. And then you gotta get that soiled sand like out of here! Get it out! (crowd laughing) And then we're gonna dump it, okay? (crowd oh-ing) Get it out! (crowd laughing) Fill her up! We're not done yet. But we probably got some on our legs, so give a little bit of this, (crowd laughing) a little of that. - All right, Crystal. She's killing it out here. (crowd woo-ing) You might have to change your name to Phenomenal Phil after this performance. - This is my big money maker. It's "the Brazilian banana inspector." (crowd ooh-ing) Start up and just find the banana in the tree. I think they grow on trees. (crowd laughing) Pull it down and then you gotta make sure you work the nips on the way down. So (mumbling). (crowd laughing) And a little bit of that! And then we work it down to the hips. (crowd cheering) (RuPaul laughing) All right everybody. I think that's about all the time I have for today. I'll be in the back selling my DVD but only for about 20 minutes because I'm performing at a bar mitzvah later! (crowd laughing) (upbeat music) Thank you! (crowd cheering) - Up next, Heidi Aphrodite in "Cookout With Your Cheeks Out." - Ooh, y'all look so good! Y'all look so good. I really just want to give y'all some of my hometown livin'. The first member of my family I want you to meet is my grandmother. She's the one who raised me and she really hates everyone. (crowd laughing) Let me introduce you to grandmother. 'Bout time all y'all got here in my house! Now y'all best stop opening up my door and stuff. I don't pay to air-condition the outside. Oh Lord have mercy here comes Sharon with that nasty-ass potato salad. Oh Lord. (crowd laughing) Hello. Hello, how are you all doing? I brought the potato salad. Don't worry, I'm a put it right here in the middle. Now Sharon, I done told you about that potato salad. You don't season it. You don't put the right potatoes in it. You don't even put mustard in it. (gasping) How dare you talk about my potato salad! And there's always Uncle Rob, the drunk. (crowd laughing) Why y'all... (hiccuping) (crowd lady laughing) Why y'all fightin'? Rob, I done told you, take your drunk-ass and sit down somewhere, always in somebody's business. The party don't start 'til cousin Slick walks in. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo wassup? (mumbling gibberish) Wassup, wassup, wassup yo. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. Yo what's here to eat? Aunt Sharon says "You know, it's my potato salad here. "You know, it's so good." No, no, no Aunt Sharon. No, no, no. You know the last time I had your potato salad (laughing) I had to blow that bathroom up! (crowd laughing) Dumb-ass. (crowd laughing) Just you wait and see Sharon. I'm gonna laugh right in your face. - Heidi is not giving what I expected from Heidi. - Yo, yo, yo, I gotta go. Bye, bye, bye, bye. - Baby, the ship is, it's not sinking but there's a few holes in it. - Have a good night everybody. (crowd cheering) - The Furry Box Theater presents Gigi Goode in "Welcome Aboard Brimstone Airways." (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) - Good morning sinners. Welcome aboard Brimstone Airways flight 666, non-stop to hell. (crowd laughing) Right, you all did something in your lives to piss off the big guy upstairs. I'm gonna let you know why a couple of you are here, all right? Let's see. You. You in the front row in this ripped-up denim jacket, what's your name? - Derek. - Gary, nice to meet you Gary. (crowd laughing) Gary. Your credit score sucks Gary. (crowd laughing) You. What's your name? - Morgan. - I'm gonna call you Karen from now on. Is that okay? (crowd laughing) I'm gonna tell you why you're on your way to hell Karen, it's because you're a goddamn hippocrite. (crowd laughing) All right? I see you mixing textiles. (crowd oh-ing) He's paying attention. (crowd laughing) Give me one second. I'm gonna gather my extremely important tools. (opening drawer) All right. If you'll kindly familiarize yourself with the lack of exits on this aircraft. You look to my left and right, that's right, no exits here. (crowd laughing) Okay? For your in-flight snacks we have just one option. It's peanuts. (crowd ah-ing) Unsalted peanuts. (crowd laughing) Welcome to hell, bitch. (crowd laughing) Okay, let's see where I'm at now. All right. So. - I love Gigi's concept but I'm seeing Gigi kind of trying to remember her outline and keep going back to it when she's on a roll on different jokes. - Okay. All right. So, when we do land, something will magically open, then you'll get off and immediately engulfed in flames. So as stated before, that tiny piece of fabric with metal attached to it is not gonna protect you from (beep) Karen. (crowd laughing) Or you Gary. (crowd laughing) I see you're wearing distressed denim, it's 2020. (crowd laughing) Let's keep that in mind. All right, I've just received word from the captain that we are beginning our initial decent. On behalf of Brimstone Airways, I want to thank you for choosing us as your means of transportation today. And please, enjoy your stay in Detroit. (crowd laughing) Thank you. Burn in hell. Thank you. Go (beep) yourself Gary. (crowd laughing) - Up next, Jaida Essence Hall in "The P in Pageant." (upbeat music) (crowd cheering) - Hey blow bitches, my name is Jaida Essence Hall, and for those of you who do not know me, I am a drag queen and a badass bitch, okay? (crowd cheering) And for those of you who do know me, I am sorry. (RuPaul laughing) I'm a take you all on a tour of one of the worst experiences that has ever happened to me in my life. Now one time I was hired to judge and perform at a pageant. The girls are beautiful. They're walking around in these beautiful gowns, and I get a little shake in my right leg. Child, ooh. So I look over for a familiar face. Hey Rue! Except Rue happens to be my boyfriend. He comes on over. I'm in a situation, I'm a need a little bit of help, okay? The category is over, I push the chair back, I start to run. Baby, I have to piss. Tap him on the shoulder. Run into the bathroom. (footsteps) Ooh, y'all are not feeling it. That's (mumbling). (crowd laughing) That's all right, we're going on a journey. Okay. And I'm like okay baby. Help me out here. I'm pulling up my dress. He's all on the floor. He's fumbling around. I'm like baby come on, come on, come on, come on, come on! And then I stop. (peeing sound effect) - [Man In Crowd] Uh-oh. (peeing sound effect) (crowd laughing) - All I can do is look down at my man on the floor, (crowd laughing) looking up at me, covered in urine. I head back to the judges table, the head judge says "Please, please, please "can we get some air freshener over here?" (crowd oh-ing) - Oh no. - But then he looks over and says "These other judges to the left, "they have hot dogs with onions on them." (crowd oh-ing) (inhaling sharply) - Jaida. Was that the joke? Look over there! - To me, this was one of the most terrifying things that ever happened in my life, and sadly I just played that in front of y'all and y'all didn't even laugh at the (beep), but that's all right. (crowd laughing) I hope y'all had a great time. And that was the night that I put the P in Pageant. (crowd cheering) Thank you! Terrible. Terrible. Terrible. - [Announcer] And here's Jujubee. (crowd cheering) - Welcome to "RuPaul's Shady Shack." It's the grand opening, okay? And I want to say I am so happy to see all of you here. I see some new faces. I see some old faces. I see some new old faces. (crowd laughing) Work. No really, like lots and lots and lots of work. Shea, your lips. Michelle, your titties. And you over here, I know them shoulders are fake baby, you weren't born with those shoulders. Mm-hm. Ross, I am so glad you're here tonight. People don't know that you actually wrote a book. Oh, sorry, wait, wait, wait. Blair, so a book is a whole bunch of pages with words. Ross, you know I love you and I did try to buy your book online, and it basically said people who bought this book also searched for chardonnay, lip gloss, a life. (crowd laughing) Anyways, I notice that Gwyneth Paltrow wrote the intro to your book. Isn't it upsetting that the lady who could convince millions of women out there to stick stones in their pussy, still not be able to convince them to buy your book? (crowd laughing) (Ross laughing) - That's great. - I wish I had one blonde joke, but she's sitting over there. (crowd laughing) Now, I think I've been a little harsh tonight, but you know what? This ain't RuPaul Best Friend Race. Michelle already won that. - Thank you. (crowd laughing) - And Michelle, I think of you like I think of my mom. Resentfully. (crowd laughing) I'm Jujubee, good night! (funky music) (crowd cheering) - Woo! - Thank you. Jujubee, nice try. - Oh-ho-ho-ho. - Michelle Visage is here. I've been told by many that she's the first lady of Jersey, the very first, (crowd laughing) of all time. - Sounds right. (flipping page) - Now, I can't really make fun of age. I mean, people say all the time, "Blair, "you look so young!" But I am a grown, gay man and I do (beep) ass with the crust cut off. (crowd laughing) Now speaking of crusty assholes, Sam Richardson is here tonight everyone! (crowd laughing) - Hey. - That's all. And Jane Krakowski, it is so inspiring to have you with us tonight as well. You know, I just can't understand how you keep escaping from the old folks home. (crowd chuckling) (flipping pages) Ross is so important to this show. I mean, it only took 10 years of constant appearances for RuPaul to finally make him a permanent judge on the show. I mean, what, was tadra-kalt busy? (flipping page) I'm just kidding. I think what you do here is so valuable. I mean, every Destiny's Child needs its Michelle. And every judging panel needs that one person to make the guest judges feel just that much more famous! - Oh, I do declare this is a dumpster fire. - If you love me tonight, my name is Blair St. Clair. And if you hated me, it's Derrick Barry. (crowd clapping) - Oh my goodness! Hello! (crowd cheering) My name is Miz Cracker and I am so happy to see people. I don't know if you know this, but if you are a drag race contestant, they do not let you socialize like at all. They say this is like the Olympics of drag, no. This is like gay-tanamo bay. Please help me. (crowd laughing) Um. I am a New Yorker but like not in a mean way. Um. I am a Jew. So I get to say it that way. You do not. (crowd laughing) But most importantly I am a drag queen. I've been telling these girls from the beginning, like let's just be nice to each other tonight, but I guess I'm like Shea Coulee's music 'cause nobody listens to me. Do you know what I'm saying? (crowd laughing) There's this stereotype that drag queens have to be like beautiful in their makeup and glamorous and everything, but that is not necessarily true. Look at Juju, okay? Look at her. (crowd laughing) What was I saying? Oh, right, humility and love that's what it was. (crowd laughing) Also, I'm against body shaming, completely. Because I was a chubby kid and I know what body shaming can do to a person, you know? It works! Yeah! Ow! Ow! (crowd laughing) Obvious, everything you see is on sale! Yeah! Oh! Thank you everybody so much. (upbeat music) I appreciate you so much. (crowd cheering) - Hi everybody. How you doing tonight? (crowd cheering quietly) Oh, come on, you guys can do better than that. You had Miz Cracker's entire set to take a nap. (crowd laughing) Come on, so how you doin' tonight? (crowd cheering) Oh, that's so much better. Ladies and gentlemen, we've got the lovely Miss Blair St. Clair here. And, you guys, I don't wanna ruin too much, but she had a bit of a rough week last week. She failed her driver's test. (crowd laughing) Miz Cracker, make some noise for her. (crowd cheering) I love her. She's just so animated, larger than life. It's like she's a living, breathing puppet, you know? She's got this big head and these tiny little feet, and only becomes animated when you put your fist in her. (crowd laughing) Yeah. Yeah. Has anyone in here ever been robbed before? Well I have. And no I'm not talking about the finale of season 9. (crowd laughing) But for real, you know, it's been quite an interesting journey for me. Um. I've been going to therapy and for the longest time I thought that therapy was just for white people with money, and I was wrong. It is also for black people with money. (crowd laughing) But it's kind of embarrassing to tell your therapist that rose petals are one of your triggers, you know? For real, like rose petals have been following me around for the past three years like I'm James Earl Jones in "Coming to America." (crowd laughing) The only difference, he had a crown. (crowd laughing) Thank you so much. That's all the time I have for tonight. (crowd cheering) (upbeat music)- Ladies, I must ask, which one of you should go home tonight and why? let's start with DeLa. - I think Darienne. Everyone else who's here has really shown an ability to hear critique and adjust, and some folks like Bianca just sail through. But Darienne, I think she frequently assumes she is doing better than people from an outside perspective might see. - All right, thanks, DeLa. Adore Delano. - I feel, based on this challenge, Darienne. - Bianca Del Rio. - If it's about this particular challenge, I would have to say Darienne, and you know I'm not gonna lie to you-- - I know. - Which is why I'm called a bitch, and apparently I'm sailing now. - Is that a bad thing? - Whatever, queen. I should pick your ass just for being a (bleep). - That was like, you're good at stuff. - No, that was very condescending. (chuckling) - I have to ask you each who should be eliminated tonight. Rebecca, what's your answer? - Do we just get to pick one? (laughing) - You could pick three. (laughing) - You know what? My three competitors are nice girls and I love 'em all, but some of them have already peaked at whatever they were gonna do drag-wise, and I should have the opportunity to progress and grow. - I hear you. But honestly, I really do need you to give me one name. - Out of the three, I would say Chanel. - Okay, and why's that? - She's a little annoying at times. - Thank you. All right, Nina, who should be eliminated tonight? - Rebecca. Why? Because America's next drag queen superstar should be someone with experience so that this person can take the title with dignity and respect. - All right, BeBe. Same question. - I would say Rebecca, because working with her is frustrating. And the rule, when it comes down to it, amongst all of us, I know Rebecca is at a lower level. That's what I have to say. - Thank you, Bebe. Chanel, who should be eliminated tonight? - I'm so glad you asked me this question. I nominate myself because I don't want to be here anymore. Since day one, I have been judged really hard and I'm very frustrated that you can't see the personality, because I am so (censored) real, you have no idea. And I don't feel that I am being understood here. I am beautiful. I'm a beautiful person internally and on the outside. And it's so, so frustrating to me that that image does not seem to be conveyed. Week after week, when we come into an elimination round, I am so negatively critiqued. - The truth is, you are beautiful. You are really beautiful. - Thank you. Thank you. - You are, you are. - That sounds so nice to hear. - It's true. And I'm sorry, I thought I told you earlier, I really did. I would not like you to leave. You are a great contender for this contest. - An answer to your question, I nominate myself. - Thank you, Chanel. You all worked so hard on this challenge, but I have to ask one question. Who deserves to go home tonight and why? Trinity Taylor. - Just from your critique, that would be Charlie. - Peppermint, same question. - Based on the critiques, Charlie. - Charlie Hides. - Peppermint's look is a bit more basic. So, Peppermint. - Cynthia Lee Fontaine. - Because I believe she's a strong competition for me, and her total look, Peppermint. - All right, Eureka, you're up. - I would say Trinity. I feel like the ending wrap-up might have been a little more controlled if we worked as a group, and I also felt like she was focused on herself and not really so much of everyone else. - I call shade. I take responsibility for the things that I did wrong. And if that's the reason why I should go home, then I understand. But don't tell me that I didn't do my job as a leader, because I did. And I included everybody, including you, Eureka. - Well, I was asked my honest opinion, and that's my honest opinion, and I stand beside it. - Alright, Nina. - Trinity, because she was the captain. But she did her job, it's just that we didn't really feel a part of this at times. - Who deserves to go home tonight and why? Starting with Eureka. - Oh gosh. Honestly, maybe Asia O'Hara because she's my biggest competition, to be honest. - Monet X Change. - Taking into account smash game and tonight's assignment, mermaid eleganza, I would have to say The Vixen. - Vixen. - I have never seen such a level of unprofessionalism as I have watching Eureka, and it baffles me that you guys enjoy her so much. It has really been very difficult working in an environment with her because she takes all the air out of the room. She's always the one who has to get the last word. - In my defense, I tell everyone all the time, I'm sorry that I'm loud and I'm sorry I'm too much. But also-- - But you don't try to stop being loud or try to stop being too much. You're like, "I'm sorry, but this is who I am. "Deal with it." - It's also a strength of mine when it comes to-- - Apparently. - The confidence in acting. - But what I've seen from Eureka is, "I'm the one who's getting all the attention in the room," which to me, is very childish. which, I guess, is why the characters that she played has worked for her because she's a child. - I'm sorry that she feels that way, but I will say one more thing. - Again, getting the last word. - I'm sorry, but I can't let her sit there-- - Again. - And literally verbally attack me. Yes, I do talk too much and I'm expressive and animated. - But everyone doesn't have to accept it. - But I'm also extremely kind and I'm full of love, because I know that sometimes, I am a lot to deal with, but I can't change that. And I try-- - You could try. - To be understanding of people, but I can't handle someone-- - You weren't attacked. You're a grown man. - Verbally attacking me in front of people that I want to have respect for my art, when I really have tried everything I can to be as kind as I can to Vixen. And that's all I'll say, I'm sorry. - All right, thank you, ladies. All right, Asia. - Because I'm an adult and although I've grown to love her and she's my sister, I think The Vixen has the most room for growth. - Monique. - I love her so much, but I would say The Vixen. Basing it solely on the challenge. She had the weakest character out of them all, and she has kind of just plateaued. - And what say you, Aquaria? - The Vixen with the way she's interpreted some of the challenges. - Alright, well, thank you, ladies. - [RuPaul] Morgan McMichaels. - [Morgan] Yes. - You have immunity. - Yes, ma'am. - Now in a minute, I'm gonna have to send someone home. Who should it be and why? (suspenseful music) - The weakest person in the group is Tatianna. - Tatianna, who do you think should go home today? - I'm just gonna go with Morgan because she has immunity. - Tatianna, that's an answer for the Miss America contest, not the RuPaul Drag Race contest. Nicole, same question. - Send them all home. - Send all these bitches home? Okay. (laughing) Send all these bitches home. - They eventually all have to go. So, I don't want to be the one to go, so send them all. - Raven, who would you send home tonight? - I would say Tatianna. I don't think she wants to be a grand superstar diva. I think she's comfortable being a beautiful girl. - No. (laughing) Not the case. If I was comfortable being a beautiful girl, I was a beautiful girl at home. That's not why I'm here, to be pretty. - Okay. - Thank you. - Just my opinion. - At this point in the competition, I have to ask the question. Who deserves to go home tonight and why? Kennedy Davenport. - I would have to say Fame, because clearly, the struggle is real. - [RuPaul] Katya. - I would probably say Fame because she's been in the bottom consistently over the past three or so weeks. - Ginger Minj. - I would have to agree and say Fame. I don't know how much more she has to offer. - [RuPaul] Trixie Mattel. - Fame. She dropped the ball in her ugly look and her performance. - Violet Chachki. - Trixie got to come back in this competition and she should be looked at with a magnifying lens. So I just feel like it should be Trixie. - All right, Miss Fame. I want to hear from you. - (bleep) all these bitches. (laughing) - Ladies, one last question before you go. At this point, you're all getting to know each other. Who do you think deserves to go home tonight and why? (thunder clapping) Jinkx Monsoon. - Vivienne, only because it seems like she's repeating the same notes that you guys are giving her. - Ivy, what about you? - I would have to say Honey. - Roxxxy. - Vivienne. - Vivienne. - I would say Honey. - Honey. - I would say Vivienne. - Alyssa. - The one that I would want to send home is not in this lineup. (suspenseful music) - Who's not in the lineup that you want to send home? - Charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent, I don't see Jade at the same level. He's kind of a little hokey-pokey. This is a drag queen competition. (chuckling) - Ladies, I hate to end on a sour patch, but I have one final question. Which one of you sweethearts does not deserve to be in the top three and why? Starting with Jinkx. - The one who has fallen short most often up here is Detox. - Alaska, same question. - I would say Jinkx Monsoon. Absolutely love her, but I feel like there is maturing that I would like to see. - Roxxxy Andrews. - Jinkx Monsoon. The challenges that she needed to step outside of her box and design and be creative, she didn't do well. I had to be funny where I had to be funny, and when it landed me in the bottom, it landed me in the bottom. - [RuPaul] Detox. - I do agree with the other girls. It's not really a school for girls. It's a competition for the best of the best. - So, who do you think should go home? - I think Yvie should go home just because she's hurt, and we ain't got time for that. (scoffing) - That's a crock of bull (censored). Silky just doesn't want to look shady on TV and tell Ru that she wants me to go home because she doesn't like me, or the fact that I call her out, which is the real reason. - You have your work cut out for you, 'cause this (censored) gotta look like it's on the New York runway. - You'll see it, I promise you. - Okay, you're not-- - Or make me lip sync for my life, that's a guarantee from me. - Okay. (laughing) That's also a possibility. - I ain't afraid. - Okay, all right, Dr. Ganache. - I would love to see Miss Yvie in a lip sync for your life. I'm gonna send that bitch all the way back to Denver. Ready to. - Yvie Oddly. - Howdy-o. - How's your ankle doing? - I haven't had any complaints. - Oh, good, that's good to know. Is it gonna keep you out of the top spot this week? - No, it's not my first time spraining an ankle, and I usually bounce back in a day or two. - Good. - I think if anybody is worried about it, it should be my competitors, 'cause it goes away fast. - Oh, bitch. On that note, who do you think should go home? - Silky Ganache. - Why? - I think Silky has been the most resistant to your critiques and the judges. - Why are you pressed, ho? Bitch, I was in the bottom for being beautiful. A good problem to have when you're me and you can actually do makeup, unlike that bitch who couldn't serve you glam a (censored) day of her life. But I am a threat. America's gonna love me, and I think that bitch knows that. - Who should go home tonight and why? Start with Yvie Oddly. (suspenseful music) - Silky is the one girl who's gotten the same critiques a few times and hasn't ever polished out the things that you want to see from her. - Scarlet Envy. - Well, it came out in the workroom today. So, Silky knows, I guess already. - Nina West. - Based on critique tonight, I'm going to have to say Yvie Oddly. - Shuga. - Unfortunately, Silky, just 'cause the critiques that you've given her, you've given her before, and today was an opportunity for her to really pay attention to those and execute, and it didn't happen. - A'keria. - I'm gonna have to say Yvie, and that's based on overall growth. At this point, it should be only elevation. - Honey Davenport. - Silky's outfit was the least polished on the runway tonight. (suspenseful music) - Silky. - I would choose Yvie. As America's next drag superstar, you have to be kind to people, and she has not been the most kind or the most nice. - Soju. - I would also have to say Yvie because I don't think her drag is on the level of everyone else in the top six. - Vanjie. - Based on tonight, I would say Yvie, just 'cause I feel like she kinda left her sister a little behind. - Ariel. - I would also have to say Silky, just based off the critiques. - Brooke Lynn. - I would have to say Silky. I just didn't think the look was finished, and I just don't think there was a great family resemblance.  Plastique.  I agree. Silky just fell short. - Thank you for your honesty, ladies.
(upbeat music) - Hi, fellas. My name is Ginger Minj and I am an overweight, asthmatic, chain-smoking, cross-dresser from Orlando, Florida. I like to describe myself as a glamor toad. - (kisses loudly) You look gorgeous. - Something subtle to run to the grocery store. - Just a little something to pick up some apples. - I know that I will never be the prettiest one, but I will always be the beautiful one. - [RuPaul] Serving spring glamor, Ginger Minj! - [Minj] I've gotta march the runway in front of Michelle Visage and RuPaul and Carson Kressley. - I think I can here tulle. (judges laughing) - [Minj] But I know that I can excel at anything I put my mind to. - [RuPaul] Let's see what they're serving for fall. Ginger Minj! - Ginger Minj is a plus-sized diva. She always wants to look neat, petite, and ready to eat. - [Kressley] She's like the editor of a magazine. - [RuPaul] Yeah, popular wildlife. - It's so hideous I think I'll put it on the cover. - Ginger Minj! - Good morning, star shine. - Yeah. - Look at her, sweet little lemon drop. Oh. - Oh, we have a crack problem! - [Kressley] See, that's the kind of crack you find on the street. - That's right. - Uh-huh. - [Ginger] My concept is to be naked, but still classy. I'm Southern. I liked to be classy. - [RuPaul] It's quite an impressive pearl necklace. Sometimes they can be so messy. - [Visage] Especially when they're layered. - Hello, hello, hello! (contestants cheering and applauding) Con-drag-ulations, ladies. For today's mini challenge, you need to give face, face, face, while the pit crew blows you (record scratches) with a leaf blower! (contestants sigh) - Damn. - [RuPaul] Oh, pit crew! - Girl! I'm from Florida. I have survived many a hurricane, but never one that's been blowing me right in the mouth. (leaf blower whirring) (dramatic music) (contestant laughing) - The two winners of today's mini challenge are Ginger Minj! (upbeat music) And Trixie Mattel! (contestants applauds) Con-drag-ulations ladies. Music superstar Adele is here. Hey, girl! (audience applauds) - Could I buy a vowel? (audience laughs) - What is that, darling? - No whammies! (audience laughs) - No, no, no. This is the wrong show. - Okay. (audience applauds) All right, are you ready to play the snatch game? - It's time for the snatch game! Woo-hoo, shut up! - All right, first question is for the beautiful Tamar Braxton. Quintin Tarantino is remaking "The Wizard of Oz" as an action movie. In this new version, Dorothy blanks the Tin Man. Alright, Tamar? - Well, she kills the tin man, okay? - All right, let's move on down here to Adele. Where in England are you from, Adele? - My house. (audience laughs) - All right. Dorothy blanks the Tin Man? - Well, if it was me, I would say she rips out his heart and then sings a whole album about it and gets really popular, but- - Yeah? - It's not me. - No, no. - So, I said sheet polishes his chrome. (audience laughs) (RuPaul laughs) - It's a good answer, but not a match, darling. - Well, could I get to match, please? It's a fake cigarette. - All right, next question is for Tamar Braxton. Portia de Rossi says that Ellen DeGeneres is so hilarious even her blank makes her laugh. - RuPaul, I'm gonna have to say coins, honey, makes them laugh. - Coins. - They're so rich they pee pennies, child. - Yes. - Psst, pennies! - Adele, Adele, how much food do you have down there, girl? - Smorgasbord. - I have low sugar. - Oh, you have the low sugar. - I've got to keep it up. - She's using my EBT card. - Oh, Lord! (audience laughs) (contestants sing high notes) - Wrong note, sugar. (audience laughs) - All right, Portia de Rossi says Ellen is so hilarious even her blank makes her laugh. - Sad, sad tears of a clown. (audience laughs) - Yeah, like the Smokey Robinson song. I'm so sorry, Adele. That is not a match. - It's a song. - It is a song, but it's- - Did I sing it? - [RuPaul] No, you did not sing it. It's a Smokey- - So, it's not a good song? (audience laughs) (RuPaul laughs) Probably still won an award for it anyway. - Probably, yes. (audience laughs) ♪ Now, sissy that walk ♪ (upbeat club music) - Ginger Minj. - Yes! - [Woman] It's a nice day for a white wedding. - [Minj] Girl, I'm spinnin'. I'm turnin'. I'm posin'. I am giving them Elvis Prissley down. - Runway Roseanne. - Drag is a religious activity. - Yes, Ginger has a real cross to bear. Kennedy Davenport, great gosh almighty! You rocked the snatch game! Con-drag-ulations, you are the winner of this week's challenge! (contestants applaud) - Thank you. (dramatic music) - Ginger Minj, your Adele had us rolling in the aisles. Con-drag-ulations, you are also the winner of this week's challenge. (contestants applaud) That's right, ladies. First tie in snatch game herstory. - I won! If there was ever a challenge to win, it is this one. - The library is about to be open! Hey! (contestants cheer) (contestants applaud) - Because reading is, what? - Fundamental! - That's right, children. - Mm-hmm. - First up, Ginger Minj! - The library's open, darling. Trixie Mattel making fun of you is like shooting clown fish in a barrel and, fortunately, that's about as fishy as you'll ever be. - Yes, bitch! (crowd gasps) - Miss Fame, I think everything about you is so original, except for those lips, those cheeks and, oh, everything you present to the judges on the runway. (crowd gasps) - Bitch! - Hi, Ginger! Hi, Trixie! - Hi! - Hi, Ru. - [RuPaul] Are you all familiar with Divine's work? - Mm-hmm, when I was younger, I convinced my grandmother that "Pink Flamingos" was a children's movie and I wanted nothing more than to be Divine. That was a changing point in my life. - [RuPaul] Yeah, well she was the first drag superstar. - This week's runway look is the ugliest dress ever. How did you choose your ugliest dress? I mean, did you just go? - I saw it. - And pull it off the rack? Are you feeling good about it? - I'm feeling really good. - You shouldn't trust that feeling. - [RuPaul] Up next, Ginger Minj. Ooh, Michelle's favorite color. - Yay. - It's a Tracy Turnblad look. - [Minj] This is one of the most atrocious frocks I think I have ever placed upon my little body. - [Lovato] It's about as slime green as Katy Perry's hair. - Yes! - Don't do that color, Demi. - [Lovato] Never. - Ginger Minj and Trixie Mattel in "Eggs." Your country breakfast is ready! (country music) - Babs, I'm so hungry! Please come here! - [Minj] I'm comin', mama! ♪ In the morning when the sun comes out ♪ ♪ I get hungry like I've never eaten ♪ ♪ Every day I hear her scream and shout ♪ ♪ Always yelling for her daily feedin' ♪ ♪ All night long I only dream for ♪ ♪ At 10:30, I hear her scream for ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs, all I want is eggs ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs, all I want is eggs ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ All she wants is eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ Eggs, another dozen eggs ♪ ♪ Mama, do you want them over easy ♪ ♪ No way, I want them sunny side up ♪ ♪ Since the sun is shinin' ♪ ♪ Has the egg man come to us today ♪ ♪ I'm sure he'd stop by if you stop your whinin' ♪ ♪ Oh, I love him so for bringing what I dream for ♪ ♪ He'll leave another dozen right at the screen door ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs, all I want is eggs ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs, all I want is eggs ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ All I want is eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ All I want eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ - Ginger Minj, this week you gave us green, eggs, and hammed it up. (Minj giggles) Con-drag-ulations, you're the winner of this week's challenge. - Thank you. - The secret to success is being God's favorite. Shh! (judges laugh) - Trixie and Ginger, I'm sorry, my dears, but you are up for elimination. - It is breaking my heart having to go against Trixie. But, as much I love her, I am here to win. (upbeat dance music) ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, ho, ho ♪ (judges laugh) ♪ You've got to give it to me, give it to me ♪ ♪ Give it to me, yeah ♪ (judges laugh) ♪ I need your love ♪ ♪ Show me, show me, show me, baby ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ (judges cheer) - Yes! - Yes! - Come through! (judges applaud) - Ladies, I've made my decision. (dramatic music) Ginger Minj, Shantay, you stay. - Violet, I think your name, Violet Chachki, is very interesting. Where does that come from? Well, I wanted to figure out what was beautiful and completely worthless: a tchotchke! (contestants laugh) I'm trying to train myself with this corset. I'm really trying to get down to two inches. Why haven't you gotten there yet? 'Case your (beep) wrist is so fat and shoved inside me and I'll never get down to two inches. (contestants laugh) - Hello, Ginger. Holy cow! (judges laugh) - [Minj] Hi, y'all. My nickname is The Country Cow. My utterly charming personality makes people smile and everyone loves my milkshake. Hello Kitty and I love to chew cud together and moo-nopoly. I dream of becoming a designer handbag or maybe even a filet mignon. (judges laugh) - Oh, she was so moo-ving. - Hi. - Ginger Minj. Who's your ally back home, aside from your friends? Do you have any allies in the family? - I know it sounds cliche for every gay boy to say, "My momma's my personal hero," but she's amazing. - Are your parents still together? - No. - Have you maintained a relationship with your father? - When I was 14 going into 15, he left us for his high school girlfriend and I didn't talk to him for years after that. - Wow. (somber music) What do you want your father to know about you that you think he doesn't know? - That's a tricky question because I really don't think my father knows a lot about me. I don't think that my father has said, sorry. (somber music) My entire life, I felt like I didn't even know who my father was. So, how could he know anything about me? Growing up I was so tormented in my life that the only way I could deal was to make jokes and use humor to cover it all up. My relationship with my father has shaped me into the human being that I am today. No matter all the (beep) that's happened in the past, I just hope that he's proud of me. - Listen, I am so proud of you because you are lovely and beautiful and talented. - Thank you. That means the world to me. - All right, darling. Here, well, at least take one of these for the ride home. - Oh, thank you. - I'll see out there. (both smack lips) Ginger Minj. - [Woman] Ginger has fringe on her Minj! - [RuPaul] This reminds me, I've got to take my car to the carwash. - Yes, yes! (dance music) - [Minj] I am making sure these judges see every rhinestone, every piece of fringe, every single inch of this big, bold, and beautiful bitch. - [RuPaul] You know what they say? The bigger the hair, the juicier the ass. - [Man] She is moppin' up the floor with this look. Yes! - Ginger, here's a photo of you when you were five years old. What would Ginger Minj have to say to little Joshua? - When it feels like the entire world is against you, you've always got a friend in yourself and when it gets to that moment in your life where you feel like there's no other alternative and you want to end it, remember that, in your life, there's going to be stupidity coming at you from a never ending parade of bigoted assholes and the only way to survive that parade is to make yourself the grand marshal. - Thank you, Ginger. - Thank you. - Ooh! - Come on, All-stars! Let's get this over with! (contestants laugh) Ribbit ribbit, the glamor toad is in the building. - Where in England are you from Adele? - My house. - I flood my basement, bitch. (Ginger screams) Ginger Minj is back with a vengeance, baby! It's a whole new me! (contestants squeal) - Hi! - Oh my God! It's good to see ya, diarrhea. "Season Seven" hot a lot of hate for being a lackluster bunch of girls. So, I am here to (indistinct). We are just as talented and worthy as the rest of these girls. You look so much better with half of your face covered. Oh, wait. I'm supposed to be nice this time. I'm wearing a corset though. Apparently, all it takes to win is a corset, so I bought one. - Ooh, ooh, ooh. - We'll edit that out. - Will they though? - No, they will not. - Coco, thank you for proving in season five that orange is the new black. (contestants laugh) (RuPaul laughs) Adore Delano, do you know what makes you the number one fan favorite of all time? - No. - Neither do I. (contestants laugh) - [RuPaul] Ginger Minj, Talent: singing. ♪ When I was a child I asked the starry sky ♪ ♪ What will I be ♪ ♪ A butterfly, a better me ♪ ♪ 'Cause it's hard to be a different kind of boy ♪ ♪ Makin' lots of noise inside a crazy world ♪ ♪ When you take all those feelings inside ♪ ♪ And you want to run and hide ♪ ♪ So fly, wings lit by flame ♪ (audience cheers) ♪ Don't worry how, I'll fight ♪ ♪ Dream your own way, dream your own way ♪ (audience applauds) (audience cheers) - Let's meet our contestants. A stay-at-home mom from Riverside, California, Raven, and a flight attendant who likes long walks on the beach, big (beep), and fried chicken, Jujubee. - Hi. - Ladies, are you ready to meet our stars? - Yass! - Yes! - Praise the Lord! It's Tammy Faye Bakker. - Oy, get he. - Are you wearing makeup? - Just a little chap stick. (audience laughs) - My goodness. You were one of my favorites. - I know. (upbeat music) - This is going to be for Raven. The pit crew has spent way too much time around drag queens. Now, before they slip on their Andrew Christian underwear, they blank. Raven? - They take a very tasteful photo of their nether region so that they can post it online. (audience laughs) They take a selfie. - They take a selfie. Let's see if you've got any matches over here. - Okay. - All right, Tammy Faye Bakker. - As it says in the book, before thou put it oneth, a thongeth. - Yes, uh-huh, yes. - Thou must pray. - Pray! - Pray. - Yeah, I gotta pray before I put on my underwear. - Oh! - Most of the time they don't even fit any more, just so filled with God's love. - Yes, that is not a match. - What? - But, a very, very good answer. It's a very good answer. - I don't- - You tried your best, darling. - I'm trying! - [RuPaul] Ginger Minj, she's gone platinum. - [Man] I like the mermaid cut. Or is it uncut? (woman laughs) - [Minj] I'm just walking so elegantly down the runway. This gown hugs every single curve in my body. I have never felt more beautiful in my entire life. - Yeah, girl! - Yes, you better rub that lamp, honey. - Something's gonna come out. (woman laughs) - Will the bottom two please step forward. (dramatic music) Alyssa Edwards with great power comes great responsibility. Which queen have you chosen to get the chop? - I often tell my students that winning isn't everything. But, wanting to is. I chose the queen to stay based on when I looked into her eyes the conviction that I felt. Sometimes being in the bottom could just be a one night kind of gig. So, the queen that I'm sending home, (suspenseful music) that's Ginger. (dramatic music) - Ginger Minj, you are an all-star. Now, sashay away. - I truly respect to from the bottom of my heart. (contestants applaud) - They got me, girl! (contestants laugh) - Oh, Katya. I love you. You have a lot more to show. - I'm not surprised that Alyssa sent me home. From day one, she's been gunning to get rid of the competition and I feel like I was competition for her. She and I do kind of the same thing. But, I have no hard feelings towards her. (upbeat dance music) Feeling froggy? - No, these women. - It's Ginger Minj, from the top three of "Season Seven" to the bottom four of "All Stars 2." That's right. I'm versatile. Which one of you bitches gave me warts? (contestants laugh) (contestants cheer) I feel like there's unfinished business. The glamor toad is back to claim my crown and I ain't croaking, bitch! - You trying to steal my seat? - Girl, I don't need the seat. I need the crown. Look at this cast, Ru. God, my cholesterol is higher than your standards these days. (RuPaul laughs) All right, Jiggly Caliente, may I call you stupid? (contestants laugh) (RuPaul laughs) Silky. - Don't do me in, bitch. - Oh, she was in such a hurry to get here she put her ass on backwards today. (contestants laugh) (RuPaul laughs) Pandora Boxx, this bitch is so old, her wigs have osteoporosis. (contestants laugh) Yes, ma'am. ♪ Money, money ♪ ♪ Sweet like honey, I'll be your gummy bear ♪ ♪ Meat and veggies on the week days ♪ ♪ Rules that make you wanna freak days ♪ ♪ What'chu know about cheat days ♪ ♪ Life is hard, eat some carbs ♪ ♪ Listen to Ginger, eat dessert before dinner ♪ ♪ Bigger or thinner, they all gon' want your figure ♪ ♪ Gummy gummy gummy bear-ar-ar-ar ♪ ♪ Gummy gummy gummy bear-ar-ar-ar ♪ ♪ It ain't no question ♪ ♪ I got that confection ♪ ♪ Serve it up to perfection ♪ ♪ 'Cause sugar school's in session ♪ ♪ All sweet, all day ♪ ♪ Like your mama used to say ♪ ♪ Yeah, we got that chemistry ♪ ♪ Unless you work in dentistry ♪ ♪ Gummy gummy gummy bear-ar-ar-ar ♪ ♪ Gummy gummy gummy bear-ar-ar-ar ♪ (judges cheer) (upbeat music) - Happy New Year's! - Come on! - Ginger Minj. - Now show me your pipes. (judges laugh) - I wanted to serve you some Mario Brothers realness. But, I really wanted to put the Ginger Minj spin on it. So, I am feeling my plumber fantasy, mama. I am here to flood your basement and bust your pipe. - [RuPaul] You know, if I were single, I'd Roto-Rooter. (judges laugh) I love Ginger Minj. - [Woman] She is ready for that line dance. - [Minj] Just got a full denim jumpsuit on, some nice thigh-high boots. I mean, I think they're knee-high on most people and there is no rhinestone left unturned or unglued to the back of this jacket. - Looks like a waffle house! - Smells like one, too. - Fergie. - Me! - Ginger, let's go! Let's go! When I think of Fergie, I don't think of one signature move. I think more of an attitude. Really, it's going to be really important to lock into the attitude of it, right? - Let's do it! Jamal Sims is so handsome. - All the step is, is one, two, three. - And his voice is so sweet. - Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop, together. - And he makes me feel like the most delicate, beautiful dancer in the entire world. - [Sims] Take it, de, de, de, de, de. - So, basically he's a magician. - Boom, boom, kaboom, boom, boom, boom, bat. Ah, almost. I can see you thinking about it. The face that I'm looking for is not scared face, right? It should be really smoky and, yes, that's the confidence that I need in the face. Where you start is where everybody else has to either meet or go above, right? So, huge opportunity to set this place on fire from the top. - I'm the first one out of the gate. So, I have to be at this level at all times. But, I feel Fergalicious. I'm a big girl now, London Bridge. I don't, all the references. (dramatic music) - Welcome to the "All Star 6 Hall of Fame Halftime Show" brought to you by RuCola Products. If you stay chunky, you ain't got to get chunky. And RuPaul's Peanut Butter: Must be jelly 'cause jam don't shake. To our viewers around the globe, please welcome, the glamorous Fergie. (upbeat dance music) (audience cheers) - I'm Ginger Minj and I'm he big booty beauty with a huge heart. Actually the medical term is in enlarged. - Oh, welcome to the show everybody. We hope you've poured yourself a nice big cup of Bolo. What? Because the tea is full bodied today. - Womp womp. - Yes! - That's right, girls. We are talking about body issues. Now, I know that a lot of people assume that I'm fat because they think I eat too much. What I haven't really shared is that when I was about 14 years old, I was 54 pounds. - Oh my gosh! - Same height I am now. But, I got a bowel obstruction. - Bowel obstruction, it sounds like a punk rock band name. (Minj laughs) - No, but it was screaming from the inside. Actually, how do I put this delicately? I couldn't poop for six months. - And that is the vulnerability the judges are looking for! - So, what they had to do was to go into my intestines, cut them apart, fuse them back together. - Oh, ow. - Oh my gosh. - And then I started gaining eight pounds a week, 10 pounds a week, until I just ballooned up to what I am now and I am five foot, four inches tall, 253 pounds, and, let me tell you, there is not a day that goes by that everybody doesn't slide into my DMs and remind me. (upbeat disco music) - Ginger Minj. - [Woman] Be very quiet, I'm hunting wabbits. (RuPaul laughs) - [Minj] I am serving safari realness. I'm sportin' my hand-painted boots, my fabulous little coiffure pushed over to the side, and I feel like the queen of the jungle. - Ooh, here come Tarzan, baby! The top all star of the week is (upbeat music) Ginger Minj. - Whoa, yes! - Work! - Con-drag-ulations, Ginger. - Oh my God. I just flooded my basement. Thank you. - You've won a cash prize of $5,000. (upbeat electronic music) - Hey, what's up? - Hello. - Hi. - Hello. - Hello! - How are you? - It is time to record our verses with Leland and Freddy. - Hey, everyone. We are here to make "Show Up Queen" a smash. So, let's get started with Ginger Minj. - Girl, Freddy is cute. I would like to invite Freddy to a movie. It's an awful long cord. (upbeat music) (Leland laughs) Makes me feel like a lady. I don't know if he's ever seen "Freddy Got Fingered," but, I (laughs). - Two, three. ♪ I was a short fat kid with a real limp wrist [RuPaul] Ginger Minj, come on Sally Stature. - I'm like J-Lo Devereux on the runway today. I am feeling my finest golden gal fantasy up here. There are 35 yards of fabric in this coat. I know I look good. - [RuPaul] I'm really frond of this print. (judges laugh) It's time to play the snatch game of love. Let's meet our celebrities snatch-lorettes. First up, the legendary comedienne, Phyllis Diller. (audience applauds) - Hi, Phyllis. - Hi. - Phyllis, what's the secret to a happy relationship? - Not knowing each other. (audience laughs) Soon as you learn about the other person, it's time for the old ax. - All right, our first snatch-ler hails from Old Town Idaho. Please welcome Cheyenne Jackson. (audience applauds) (audience cheers) - Hello! - Hello. - Well, you look fantastic. - Thank you. - What's a nice guy like you doing in a place like this? - I guess I'm looking for love in all the wrong places, Ru. - Well, this might be the end of the road for you in many ways, actually. (Jackson) Here's how our game works. You ask our celebrities personal questions and they try to win you over with their answers. When the buzzer goes off, you choose your dream snatch. Simple as that, Cheyenne. (audience applauds) - Snatch-lorette number one, if we get into a committed relationship, my hall pass is Fortune Feimster. Who is your hall pass and why? - Probably the next door neighbor. But, my last boyfriend lived a hundred miles away. Talk about a tremendous sex drive. (audience laughs) It was long. I mean, it wasn't long, but the drive was. (audience laughs) - Got it, yes. - Snatch-lorette number three, if we were going on a two week vacation at a nudist colony what would you pack? - Well, I imagine I would need to bring my waxin' kit. We don't need the whole airport, just the landin' strip. (audience laughs) (RuPaul laughs) I'm that kind of girl. - We can all see what kind of a girl you are. (audience laughs) - Oh. - Well, honey, I don't know when the last time you were able to see what kind of girl you are. (audience laughs) (RuPaul laughs) - They only thing I haven't been able to see in years are my feet. (audience laughs) - Me, too. (RuPaul laughs) - Snatch-lorette number one, same question. - A blind fold probably. (audience laughs) - I will have to agree with her on that one. - I've been trying to close my legs since 1972. I thought I had a lump behind my breast, turned out to be a trick knee. (RuPaul laughs maniacally) - Okay, nothing wrong with that. Snatch-lorette number one, if a genie granted you three wishes, what would you wish for yourself and then what would you wish for Snatch-lorettes number two and three. - Well, I wish that I hadn't gotten that Navy ship tattooed on my chest. I figured it was the only way I'd ever (beep) get across my tits. - Oh my goodness! (audience laughs) You are a dirty girl. - For Snatch-lorettes number two and three, I wish you would shut the (beep) up. (upbeat music) (audience laughs) - You're a very vicious one. (buzzer buzzes) - Oh, that's our buzzer. (audience groans) Cheyenne, who snatched your heart? Is it snatch-lorette number one, number two, or snatch-lorette number three? - I'm going to go with my gut and say snatch-lorette number one. - Oh, you picked the beauty? (audience applauds) I always get my man. Yeah, that's Tiffany's. - All right, Cheyenne, this is it. Only a thin, pink, sugar wall stands between you and the future Ms. Jackson. Move that sugar wall! Say hello to Phyllis Diller. - Oh, hi. (upbeat jazz music) (audience laughs) - Cheyenne, how do you do right now? - I feel- - Like chicken tonight? (audience laughs) - I feel my two favorite emotions, excited and scared. (audience laughs) - Oh. - Another snatch made in heaven. Now don't touch that dial because there's more snatch game of love right after this (upbeat jazz music) (all smack lips) (RuPaul chuckles) ♪ You wear it well ♪ - Category is pop art. First up, Ginger Minj. - She's been framed. - Yes! - [Minj] Every face on this dress with printed out and hand ironed on by me. This is art. Don't censor my art! - There are 15 things I don't like about you, your face! Ginger Minj, con-drag-ulations. You are the the top all star of the week. (upbeat music) (contestants cheer) You've won a cash prize of $5,000. First up, Ginger Minj. - Hi. - Come on, gay pride. - I feel so proud right now. - You should be proud of all of this. Oh, oh, ooh honey. Do you like bears? - Oh, yes. I'd eat one, but that'd be cannibalism. - Yeah! - I don't think she's a real ginger. - Are my roots showing? - Tonight's gonna be a doozy. We are all going to vote on who's going to the finale and the competition is so close. So, all it takes is one little slip up and I could find all of my hard work tossed out the window. So, I'll be damned if any of these other girls are going to out storytell me today. I was born and raised in Orlando, Florida is the lie that I usually tell people because I was actually born and raised in Leesburg, Florida, which is a little Southern Baptist town about 45 minutes north of Orlando and about 45 years behind it culturally. I did my best to make sure I fit in with the locals. But, they took every opportunity they could to remind me I was different. I just didn't know how different I was. I didn't know why I was so obsessed with my mama's makeup and her shoes. I also happened to be really obsessed with "The Wizard of Oz" around this time, particularly the Wicked Witch of the East. You remember her? She had the striped socks, the fabulous footwear. Struck down in her prime by some country bumpkin bitch who stole her shoes and killed her sister? Her. Every time my mama would go to work, I would sneak into her closet, slip on her little bright red pumps, and I would pay tribute to my fallen diva. Well, one day, I guess I got a little caught up in the moment and I lost track of time and while I was playing I turned around and I saw my daddy standing there in the door to the closet, just staring at me. He didn't say anything. He just shook his head and walked away and I was devastated. Later that night, I tried to smile my way through dinner. But, I guess I wasn't a very convincing actor. My mama looked across the table at me and she said, "Now, Joshua, I have had just about enough of that attitude! I'm going to need to see you in the bedroom right now!" (beep)! So I get up. I follow my mama to the bedroom. I close the door and just as I'm turning around to apologize, I see my momma standing there holding a little box wrapped in yellow brick road wrapping paper. She said, "I promise with these, you'll always be able to walk with your head held high." So, I ripped open the box. I threw the paper everywhere and there they were, my ruby slippers. They look nothing like the ones from the movie. There were more of an orangy, hard plastic sling back with little specks of silver glitter and a nice little plastic bow hot glued to the peep toe. Ooh, and a chunky half inch heel! (RuPaul laughs) They were hideous, but I loved 'em! I slipped them on my feet and I could feel their magic running from the tips of my toes to the top of my head and, all of a sudden, it didn't matter when people called me a sissy because I felt powerful. So, I guess you could say my first time in drag was a little out of the box. But, it does prove that one pair of shoes can change your entire life. (upbeat percussion) - Heller. - I just love that there's four country queens doing a nice country song. - Ooh girl! - This is our last maxi challenge and we get to write lyrics, record a song, do some choreography to Ru's brand new song, "This is Our Country." I (beep) love this country ass song, y'all! - How you going, Ginger? - I'm great! I'm just really excited to be here. - You are one of the biggest stars to ever come out of this competition. We're talking talent. We're talking heart. We're talking the total package. You've got it all. You've done so much since the last time you were here. But, you decided to come on back to All Stars? - I'm back, back, back, back, back again! (Ginger and RuPaul laugh) I had a great run on ""Season Seven"" and then I had a really defeating run on "All Stars 2" and I knew that I had unfinished business here. - What do you know about this competition that you didn't know the first two times? - That you got to have fun and you've got to do what makes you feel good and I'm happy. I'm so happy to be here and I have felt unstoppable in this competition. I know I have to get out of here. But, when you and I were on set for "AJ and the Queen," it was my very first day there. One of the actors came up and said, "Oh, do you do drag?" And before I could answer, you stepped in. You said, "Yes, this is my daughter." And the whole point of our relationship came into focus in that moment and I've carried it with me and it's what's helped me to really succeed in this competition, so thank you. Thank you. - Thank you. And thank you for hearing that because it's the truth. You are my daughter. Thank you so much for coming to talk to us and gracing us with your presence and your talent. - We are so proud of you. (car engine stalls) (car engine roars to life) - Hey, Ru? - Yeah? - [Tammy] You mind if I turn on the radio? - [RuPaul] That's the best idea I've heard all day, Tammy. ♪ I can be a queen or I can be a cowboy Up next, Ginger Minj. Ginger has returned to the fold. - She's very layered. - Origami mommy. (judges laugh) - [Minj] This look completely embodies who Ginger Minj was, who ginger mint is, and who Ginger Minj is going to be. It has that classic 1950s housewife silhouette. But, it turns it on its head. So, I feel like a hundred thousand dollars on a crown right now. - [Woman] Honey, your glamor pussy's on fire!- Now, sashay away. (midtempo funk music) - [Queens] Love you, Kandy! (midtempo funk music) - Kandy, Kandy, wait. (shocking cinematic music) Stop. (shocking cinematic music) I'm not ready for you to go. (queens cheering) Not yet. Vivienne Pinay, I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. Two queens stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. - The anger that I have is preventing me from being nervous. (beep) It, I'm going to do it to the best of my ability because I owe it to myself. - Good luck, and don't (beep) it up. ("Oops!... I Did It Again") ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ I think I did it again ♪ ♪ I made you believe we're more than just friends ♪ - I can sing live, and I'm really able to deliver a lip sync. This competition is mine. - I'm really trying to look the judges right in the eye and give them a reason to keep me here. ♪ I'm not that innocent ♪ (clapping) - Ladies, I've made my decision. Honey Mahogany, (upbeat drum music) Vivienne Pinay, (shocking cinematic music) I'm sending you both home. (shocking cinematic music) I'm sorry my dears, neither one of you showed me the fire it takes to stay. - In the history of "RuPaul's Drag Race", there has never been a double elimination. - Double elimination, of course it is. Why wouldn't it be? - Now ladies, sashay away. (intense hip hop music) Based on the judges' critiques, I've made some decisions. Detox, Katya, con-drag-ulations. You are the two top all-stars of the week. (upbeat pop music) (queens clapping) This week, if you're not in the top, you are up for elimination. (beep) You may leave the stage. (shocking cinematic music) (intense hip hop music) - This feels like the most difficult decision thus far in the competition, because we are determining who gets to go into the final and who has to go home. (solemn keyboard music) Okay, so I'm detecting a very solemn tone. - It is super solemn, everyone did so (beep) great. And then to put us in, like. - I didn't do great this challenge. I got really terrible critiques. And I (beep) up. And I feel terrible about it. And I'm sorry that I won so much, because it (beep) sucks. - [Detox] You're beating yourself up. - Yeah, you need to just stop it. - It's okay. No, I'm uncomfortable, drag (beep) hurts. - [Detox] Let's go, let's do a little one-on-one. Alaska, you're up. - Okay. - I don't want to see anybody go. Everyone did a great job, minus Alaska, but she's been killing the competition, and I've known Roxxxy for 13 years. She's one of my best friends. How am I going to send my best friend home? What am I going to (beep) do? - You can come over here, Roxxxy, come over here. - Come over here. - [Alyssa] We're sisters, all of us. - [Detox] Right. - You know that. I personally feel like it would be you, like, you've been in the bottom five out of seven challenges. Consistency. - Right. - It's Alaska's first time in the bottom, my second time, going into the final four, me and Alaska should be safe, just based off statistics. Do you think that's fair, though? - On the last couple of weeks, I got my critiques to be in the bottom. I don't get today. - But he didn't save nobody. He said, if you're not the top, you're in the bottom. - I guess. - I think Roxxxy is feeling nervous. She's been saved the last three times consecutively, but I think Roxxxy has the upper hand on me because she is her good Judy. (intense orchestral music) - Detox, you're a winner baby. (upbeat pop music) (queens clapping) - Yay! - You've won a cash tip of $10,000. - Thank you very much. - Katya, you're safe. - Thank you. - Will the bottom three please step forward? (intense drum music) Detox, with great power comes great responsibility. Which queen have you chosen to get the chop? - On one hand, you have Alaska who has been slaying this entire competition. And then you have Alyssa who has also been slaying. And then you have my best friend, who, I feel like there have been several times where she didn't necessarily deserve to be in the bottom. And tonight especially was one of them. Unfortunately, I do have to make a decision. (intense cinematic music) I chose Alyssa, I'm sorry, I can't send her home. I'm so sorry. But I just couldn't send Roxxxy home tonight because she's been so amazing, and I just couldn't do it, I'm so sorry. - [Alyssa] Don't be sorry. (Detox sobbing) - [Detox] I feel so bad, I just hate this. (Detox sniffling) - As it is written. So it shall be done. Alyssa Edwards, you are an all-star. (tongue clicking) (Alyssa laughing) Now, sashay away. - Thank you. Thank you guys, good luck, you all. Well now, I was a lovely fourth runner up. (all laughing) I'm not angry, I'm not upset. Today was so magical. I had the opportunity of working with my sister and I did everything that I wanted to do. I can't leave this competition with nothing other than a sense of joy. So I'm pretty proud. Aw. Don't cry. Why are you upset? - Because you're always a winner to me. - That's all that matters. - And they did what anybody else would have done, they eliminated their biggest competition. - Oh, was I the biggest one? (laughs) - [Tabatha] Yes, yes. - Get out! (laughs) That's my sister! (laughs) I'm leaving this a better Alyssa than I came in. That's the win. I am Alyssa Edwards, always and forever. (tongue clicking) - Valentina, my dear. I'm sorry, but you are up for elimination. Two queens stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. - Nothing can explain what I'm feeling as I'm waiting to have to lip sync for my life. I'm scared. - Good luck, and don't (beep) it up. ♪ Greedy, woo ♪ ♪ You know that I'm greedy for love ♪ ♪ Ow, boy you give me feelings ♪ ♪ Never felt before ♪ - [Michelle] Is she seriously leaving that on? - [Carson] I don't know. - [Michelle] This is a lip sync. - [Carson] Right. ♪ I know that I'm coming tonight ♪ ♪ You know I'm coming tonight ♪ ♪ Don't want to deny it anymore ♪ - [Noah] Is she gonna take her mask off? - [Michelle] That's what I'm saying. - Stop, hold up, hold up. All right, enough. (cinematic drone hit) Valentina, this is a lip sync for your life, we need to see your lips. Take that thing off of your mouth. - [Valentina] I'd like to keep it on, please. (intense cinematic music) - It's a lip sync, what part of that do you not understand? (intense cinematic music) - [Valentina] Okay. - So we're going to reset. Okay, lip sync for your life, take two. ♪ Greedy, woo ♪ ♪ You know that I'm greedy for love ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm so ♪ ♪ I don't need a phone call ♪ ♪ Got nothing to say ♪ ♪ I'm a tell you when it's over ♪ - Oh, she doesn't know the words. (Valentina sighing) - Ladies, I've made my decision. Nina Bo'nina Brown, shantay, you stay. - Thank you. - You may join the other girls. Valentina, I thought you had the stuff to go all the way. Now, sashay away. - Thank you. I'm so humiliated tonight. I want to be here so bad, I don't want to go. (sighs) Los quiero mucho. I never imagined this is the way that it was going to end. I wanted to leave putting up a good fight and that's something I wasn't able to do today, but I don't want to leave feeling disappointed. I want to leave here feeling grateful. (midtempo funk music) - BenDeLaCreme, (intense synth music) BeBe Zahara Benet. You are the top two all-stars of the week. Con-drag-ulations. (queens clapping) In a moment, you will lip sync for your legacy. The winner of that lip sync will have the power to bring back one of the eliminated queens. And to give one of your teammates the chop. While you queens deliberate in the workroom, the judges will be giving me a sponge bath. (Adam laughing) Thank you, Adam. I'll be here all week. (Adam laughing) (intense hip hop music) - Oh, my God. I feel for BeBe and DeLa because not only do they have to bring back one of us girls, they have to send somebody home from their group. Tough decision, tough decision. - So I have a question for Trixie, Kennedy, and Shangela. Knowing that you killed the challenge, to be told that, "That was great, but you might "be going home", what does that feel like? - I'm, like, all over the place. Seeing that we have to go by the rules, you know, I understand, that's what it has to be, but it hurts like hell, because I didn't do bad. It just sucks ass. It don't feel good. - Kennedy's upset because she has the worst track record here and had the harshest critiques. So I think she's feeling like it could be her day. - Can we get, like, real? Is this hard for you guys to consider? - It's... I, it's always hard, but I have less of a concept than I ever have of why anyone should go home. I'm trying to pick through what the reasoning would be to send anybody home. I'd love to talk to all three, of the rest of the five. - [BeBe] Same here, come with me. - But it just, it doesn't make sense to me. How do you, how, what do? - What are you gonna pick? Oh, I know. - What do you do? Like, how do you even think about this? I mean, like, how am I supposed to even consider this? I don't have any clue. - I would just not pick me. - That's fair. - No, Shangela has more wins than me. I have a better track record than Kennedy, and I got better critiques today. I know we're at the point where everyone's fierce, but I felt exceptionally fierce in what I did. - Yeah, you, yeah. Got your groove back. Trixie has only had two weeks to start to prove herself. She deserves more time here. I can't send her home. (intense piano music) There's been four other times that I've been standing up here in this position, deciding somebody's fate. And it is always a really difficult decision. It's always really hard to be here. What would you do? - Ladies, I have made my decision. (intense orchestral music) BenDeLaCreme, you're a winner, baby. (upbeat pop music) (queens clapping) Con-drag-ulations, you've won a cash tip of $10,000. - Thank you so much. - BeBe Zahara Benet, you are safe. (intense cinematic music) Now, will the eliminated queens please step forward? (intense cinematic music) DeLa, which queen have you chosen to bring back to the competition? (DeLa sighs) - I think that everyone here is deserving of getting to be a part of this and I'm getting to show their talent to the world. And there's one queen who didn't have as much of an opportunity. (intense cinematic music) So Morgan, get in here and make me proud. - Con-drag-ulations, Morgan, you are back in the game. (Morgan blows air) - [Morgan] Oh, I don't like emotion. (upbeat pop music) - Will the four eliminated queens step to the back of the stage? Will the bottom three all-stars please step forward? DeLa, which of your all-star teammates have you chosen to get the chop? (DeLa sighing) - This is the easiest choice that I have had to make this entire season. (intense cinematic music) I'm going home. (drums thundering) - What? (intense cinematic music) - What did she just say? Did she just say her own name? (intense cinematic music) - I am so, so grateful for my time here, both on the last season and this season. I scribbled out a different one, and I wrote this one in white-out, and let me tell you why. I hope that you don't see this as a sign of disrespect, because I see myself as such a drag race success story. I had such a difficult time on my season, even though I did well. I wanted this opportunity to come back, to fight hard, to show myself what I can do. I have accomplished that, I feel like a winner. I love these girls. I think they all deserve a shot to win. And I am incredibly grateful. I hope that you all can see that. - I'm, actually, I don't know how, how to take this. - I feel so good. I feel like I'm going home winning. - As it is written. So it shall be done. DeLa, you are and will always be an all-star. Now, sashay away. - [DeLa] I love you so much. - What the (beep) is happening? Not BenDeLaChrist, savior of Morgan and the drag queens. But I don't know if that's gonna look good or bad, honestly. - Thanks for letting me be my kind of winner. I had a real good time. (midtempo funk music) I was looking over those lipsticks and none of those answers felt right to me. So I made my own rules and I feel great about it. It's like I proved everything I have to prove. After five out of six wins, what more can I want? This in gold, I have spray paint at home. I know the queens in the top five have had their struggles, and I'm delighted to get to give them the opportunity to live another week. I think the actual title is more important to them than it is to me. (midtempo funk music) - First of all, congratulations on your win. - Thank you. - [Manila] I am really proud of you. - Thank you so much. And thank you so much for this damn mustache. (Manila laughing) How legit, thank you for making it. - I'm so happy that it was able to use it. Well, I wasn't expecting to be here today. So I'm a little gagged, but with so few girls, just any little thing can land you in the bottom. I mean, it was bound to happen after a certain point. - [Naomi] You've been slaying the competition, though. - Thank you. - I grew up watching Manila Luzon, like, I first started watching "RuPaul's Drag Race" when I was in junior high, and that's when Manila was on her first season. So it's (beep) wild to be in this position. What's it feel like being in the bottom with Latrice? - It's painful because I don't want Latrice to go home, obviously, but now it's come to like, okay, well if I'm going to pick between my friend and myself, I have to fight for myself. So I would love to still be here. And this is my first time here in the bottom. I've been slaying the competition. I know I'm big competition. - Right. - Naomi and Monet have a choice right now. They can get rid of their biggest competition, or they can keep me in the game, and fight with the biggest, the baddest, and the best. So it's going to be up to them to decide how they want to play this game. If this is my last day here in Drag Race, ever, I know that I still have my life that goes on, and I have a great life, and I'm blessed. - [Naomi] Right. - You know, and... - Aw, Manila, I seriously love you so much, and I look up to you so much. It's crazy that we're even in this (beep) predicament, your work just speaks for you, and your track record speaks for you, and honestly, you're a legend. - Thank you. (intense drum music) - Naomi Smalls, with great power comes great responsibility. Which queen have you chosen to get the chop? - The queen I've chosen to get the chop tonight in this competition, you taught me to believe in myself when I didn't even actually believe in myself, and I really, really, greatly appreciate you for that. And I'm so sorry that I have to send home Manila. (midtempo funk music) - Oh! (midtempo funk music) - I love you so much. (midtempo funk music) - Manila Luzon, as it is written. So it shall be done. You are and will always be an all-star. Now, sashay away. (soaring synth music) - I love you, I'm sorry. - [Monet] I love you, babe. - Bye guys, kill it. Oh, correction, Ru? That's "Always will be a double all-star". (all laughing) - Okay! (all laughing) - See you guys later! - [Latrice] Love you! (midtempo funk music) - I don't know what I think about me being eliminated tonight. It's a lot to process, especially this late in the game after I've been doing so well, but these queens have to do what's best for their game. Just the same way that I was doing the best for my game. - [RuPaul] Up next, Kandy Muse. - [Michelle] Oopsie daisy! (RuPaul laughing) Show us your tulips. - [Kandy] This look is a recreation of Beyoncé's iconic "Lemonade" look. I have ruffles coming up and down my body, curly blonde hair, and so many flowers, baby, I feel stunning. - She don't just key a car. She beats the (beep) out of it. (judges laughing) Kandy Muse. You're a profess, sis. Keep showing 'em who's boss. - Thank you for changing my life forever. That I can be who I want to be into the world and not giving a (beep) about what anyone else is saying about me. And you've made me feel so, so special. I love you. Thank you so much. - Now, sashay away. - [Queens] Love you, Kandy! (midtempo funk music) - Kandy, Kandy, wait. Stop. I'm not ready for you to go. (queens gasping) Not yet. You are safe to slay another day. (queens cheering) (upbeat pop music) - Bitch, you cannot play with my emotions. (all laughing) Thank you so much. - Thank you so much! - Oh. - Now, con-drag-ulations to all you girls. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell are you going to love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? - [All] Amen. - All right, now let the music play. ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ Ladies, queen by queen, one lip sync at a time, you can fight your way back into the competition. - I'm gonna eat tonight. (upbeat dance music) (RuPaul laughing) (upbeat dance music) - Oh! - [All] Oh! - Uh-oh! - Silky Nutmeg Ganache, for the sixth week in a row, shantay, you stay. - Welcome back to the final chop for "RuPaul's Drag Race All-Stars Ru-demption Lip Sync Smackdown Eleganza Extravaganza"! To return to the competition, Silky Nutmeg Ganache must win the greatest battle of them all. (intense synth music) - [RuPaul] An epic Ru-demption lip sync, versus Eureka! - This is going to be a battle of epic proportions, and no, that was not a size joke. (upbeat dance music) - Let the final Ru-demption game begin. (upbeat dance music) - Well, that was short-lived. I don't know what's happening, but I just got a message from RuPaul, saying "I need you to get ready "for a lip sync", in which I'm gaggedy-gooped to the goop, we're goop, goop, goopidy goop, goop, goop. Ooh, Miss Thang, I'm about to call Jean Cochran. I got whiplash from this whirlwind. - Welcome back, Eureka. - Hi, Ma. I'm more than determined to get another shot at $100,000. It's on like mother (beep) Donkey Kong. - Here's the tea, all season long, I've offered each eliminated all-star a second chance to fight her way back into the competition. One lip sync at a time. - (laughs) Okay. - Tonight, it's your turn. If you can defeat our reigning Ru-demption lip sync champion, you're back in the race, but be warned, your opponent has fought long and hard, and she's coming to win. - Wow. - Are you ready to meet the one queen who stands between you and your Ru-demption? - Yes. - All right, let's Ru-veal your opponent. (intense orchestral music) - Ooh! (intense cinematic music) Mama! - [Silky] Bitch, I'm really shocked to see you. - [Eureka] Me too, shocked to see you, ooh. - I am the lip sync battle, royale, extravaganza, dragapalooza, Black Lives Matter, Black excellence queen. Now get into that, bitch. - Please welcome back the Doctor Reverend, Silky Nutmeg Ganache. How you doing, Silky? - Fabulous. - You hangry? - Yes, I am. - You look like you packed on a couple pounds. (all laughing) - You want some? - No, darling, I'm dieting for two. - Oh! - These two. (all laughing) So, Eureka, Silky is riding high on a six week winning streak. You think you can step it up and stop in her tracks? - I love you, bitch, but that streak's going to have come to an end. (intense cinematic music) - Well, ladies, we are in for the last Ru-demption of the season. This is going to be good. Two all-stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and win your way back into the competition. Time has come for you to lip sync for your Ru-demption. - This is it. I sent six girls home. And it is my due diligence to send a seventh hoe home. Let the music play! - This lip sync is mine. I got my titties ready, I got my pussy snatched, and I got my body in a suit, Mama. I'm here to slay and to stay. - Good luck, and don't (beep) it up. ♪ Here's the thing, we started out friends ♪ ♪ It was cool but it was all pretend ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Since you been gone ♪ ♪ I can breathe for the first time ♪ - [Ginger] She still stuck in the costume? - I think. ♪ So moving on, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Thanks to you, now I get ♪ ♪ I get what I want ♪ - [RuPaul] Oh, oh! ♪ I can breathe for the first time ♪ ♪ I'm so moving on, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Thanks to you, now I get ♪ ♪ You should know that I get ♪ ♪ I get what I want ♪ ♪ Since you been gone ♪ (RuPaul and Ross laughing) (judges clapping) (RuPaul laughing) - [Ginger] Okay. - [Ra'Jah] All right. - Ooh. - Damn, bitch. My girl Silky turned it out, giving you all of the tricks in the arsenal. But Ms. Eureka laid it all out on the stage, bitch, it's too close to call. Girl, I can't wait. - So ladies, I've made my decision. (intense orchestral music) Eureka. (intense orchestral music) Shantay, you stay. (upbeat pop music) (judges clapping) Bitch, you brought it. Con-drag-ulations, you are rejoining the competition. - Thank you. - Doctor Reverend Silky Nutmeg Ganache, from this moment on, there is only one word to describe you. Legendary! (midtempo funk music) I love you, baby. - Thank you, I love you too. - Now sashay away. - [Eureka] I love you so much. - My ride on All-Stars six is over. I feel great, 'cause bitch, I thought it was over six episodes ago. (laughs) - I'm so proud of you, and I'm so sorry. - What you sorry for, bitch? - I know. - Tonight doesn't define me as a failure. Tonight only celebrates my success. I got six battles, six wins! - That's what I like to hear. - I won six, six lip syncs. - Yeah, you're a star. - No one has ever done that. Damn, why you had to (beep) it up for me? (all laughing) Damn! (judges laughing) You sure? (all laughing) You sure? Oh (beep). Oh, damn. (all laughing) Outta here! (RuPaul laughing)did somebody say fish i haven't eaten all day since season two so much has happened to me and i feel like it's time for me to reintroduce myself i am kylie sony glove you can call me kylie all my friends do the devil went down to georgia the quickest way to a man's heart is through his stomach ride that cannon yeah that hits the spot season two was a great experience for me i believed in my talent then and my potential but i knew that was not my moment i want you to come out from behind the mask it's almost like if you were to peek inside of a cocoon i had so much more to grow sashay away [Music] [Applause] leave that anywhere move on in and i have been dreaming about the second chance forever i'll take that please i plan on winning this okay so get the ready i just want to say that i am so glad that we got the girls this season like that means a lot to me we've always had the girl okay first up kylie sony glover yes akira davenport i just know you're going to carry on that notorious tradition of the davenports and go home without the crown ginger mange -you are shaped like a deep breath [Music] i know you want me and now you got me the race is on and ain't nobody gonna stop me i took some time discovering who i am i'm more than just a part i'm a girl with a plan [Music] you can call [Music] [Music] like she's one of those girls and you just want to throw cheeseburgers at her and pray she gets fat [Applause] nailed it i'm going to give you a little bit of a carpenter i've had my fair share of working around some of the best wood debbie harry for angie's list [Laughter] kylie sinique love oh take that christina oh i am so proud of my blue dream baby look not only do i get to represent my queens christina aguilera and britney spears but i'm also wearing the trans flag colors trans is beautiful and we are here it's kylie -kylie sonique love this is a five-star look oh no actually it's 27 stars -i am getting ready to go to the vmas and you know who dressed me tonight i dressed my damn cell the stars fell on aloe booty oh my goodness that last one was so big i know it took both of us hi i'm scarlet and i'm kylie and we are the xor size queen drag queen exorcist no demon is too big for us oh i'm sweating for jesus we have a call now oh exercise queen kylie how may i help you oh my god hot my daughter eureka has been possessed and i hear you all are the best i need your help we're on our way let's go [Music] your mother's frogs don't fit so well [Applause] my goodness it's the big one all right baby girl put these in your hands put these in your hands a little bit of holy water [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] another satisfied customer of exercise queens i enjoyed it so much i work here now [Laughter] and we're so affordable too yeah only three easy payments of 69 or your firstborn baby call us now at 800 x earth size and we'll work it out exercise queens is not responsible for the content of this ad exercise may cause sweat confusion lost appetite and subject to run up your credit card bill and remember it might be gas serving redemption runway kylie sonique love lady gaga snatch game season two remix the latest in feather duster technology -i am serving you everything gaga from head to toe and i could probably be on tour with gaga right now [Music] if [Music] [Applause] [Music] fill me up buttercup i want to show the contrast between my male character and my goddess character i feel like a unicorn princess and i'm feeling good how many portuguese men of wars had to die for this outfit this is pink table talk a kiki with three gorgeous queens spilling that hot and juicy tea keeping it real sometimes too real hey y'all it's your girl kylie sonique love i'm a southern belle who is hell on hill scarlet empty here sultry girl runway red and i'm hung like a thoroughbred i'm your homegirl raja d o'hara known as the salty queen but now she's sweeter than ever hey y'all welcome to the pink table talk where today we're going to be talking about mamas girl your mama's so fast we're going to be talking about motherhood girl you better tell me something now girls what's motherhood mean to you i have a lot of experience with motherhood okay not because i have ovaries okay but i actually have two moms oh my goodness what'd you mean you got two moms well i they had a sale so i just picked up two of them i love a good sale i really do i have two moms and they found each other later in life this is my biological mother uh the one i got to know is from i mean we look i didn't know mama she met sherry they're both cherries sherry square they call them they met at the yoga class and it was love at first sight i think honestly they've been together for almost a decade so explain to us how it is to have two mothers raise you basically so i've always been a mama's boy [Laughter] but i have to say how inspired i am by watching their love blossom because they had marriages and kids and careers and that doesn't mean that they were finished becoming who they were supposed to be they are getting married this year and kentucky where it's hard to be queer people right i'm just so happy for them when you speak about your moms i can feel the love that you have for them it's actually something that i envy i've never really opened up about my mother to a lot of people because right now our relationship is a work in progress okay growing up we were actually super close but you know i'm also from a conservative state my mother is a pastor of a church and a lot of times i felt like me just being a family little boy was almost like an embarrassment to her that's that's really hard to hear i remember i would literally wake up to my mother blessing me oh my goodness sometimes i was her baby sometimes i was an absolute stranger so that's the type of relationship that we had it was like very tumultuous very up and down don't get me wrong i absolutely love my mother yeah she raised me the best that she could but i do find myself holding on to a lot of the hurt that i felt as a child i find myself having conversations with her today as that same hurt little boy can i tell you something yeah give me him i had a lot of childhood trauma and stuff like that with my family and someone said to me don't let that hurt child make your grown-up decisions and i will tell you this it changed my whole perception of all this weight that i carried with me for many years it helped me so much girl that spoke something into me girl y'all ain't got no tissue at this uh so i want to talk about the motherhood i experienced now i'm a trans woman i can't give birth but i have taken on the responsibility of having a pet his name is gizmo i love him so much you guys he literally is my child i thought i was training him to live with me but he's trained me to be a better person and i just feel so grateful so motherhood is full of surprises and so is my big pink furry box oh my goodness okay so we're supposed to guess what this is um does it have an on off button there is not you want to touch it -i need this for the room i'm going to say it's a butt plug okay what is that it says your mystery item is a citrus reamer you'll get every last drop of your juicy fruits oh well wow that was a blast um i want to thank everybody for tuning in with us today all the talk about mama's got me missing my mom so mom if you're out there watching i love you i miss you i hope to see you soon i love you ma call your mother bye [Applause] kylie sonique love tiger king how about leopard queen if a fish and a bird fell in love where would they make a home they would make a home right here and put a pink hat on top of it how did she get her hands on michelle visage's first communion dress thank you and action like carlos us you probably haven't noticed that i'm dying god tony nilly o'hara oh i swear i feel like i okay we gotta work on this okay cut look let's cut this this is drama uh-huh every emotion in the book is in these lines okay here we go god tony nearly o'hara no kylie yeah that was like a seven we won a 15. holy miss kylie you wanted this roll real bad now prove to all of us why you wanted it [Music] i've got it look at me i'm dying y'all was that not a 15 no i'm gonna i'm gonna come show you what i need yeah because i know you can do it when they gotta get up out their seat to direct you that ain't good look at me i'm dying i tell you [Music] if there's a god where are you now god tony neely o'hara michelle don't call us we'll call you you can do it thank you so much thank you michelle you got it sis you got it you got it come on -you just switch it out this is the last take okay action look at me i'm dying where are you now i swear i feel like a cat on a titan roof gut much better i know you feel ridiculous but that's how big we need it you're good i think so that's a wrap ladies good sickening kylie sonique love i'm dead for her today i'm going to serve holy gosh just when you thought god couldn't get sexier -i'm gonna erase the steak the devil wears nada welcome back kylie sonique love are you ready to meet your opponents bring them on ladies it's time to present this week's slip sync assassin who could it be [Music] who is this oh no -girl somebody push the button better i love my sister she is a drag race legend she's an icon and she also got me addicted to chicken chicken masala when we were out on tour together so i blame her for that but i'm also really excited to see her and i hope she brought some garlic naan bread with her manila song hi rue hi judges love the hair michelle thanks manila welcome back home darling thank you for having me ladies manila holds the lipstick of the queen that the group has voted to send home if manila wins the lip sync that queen gets the chop ladies are you ready to slay yes mama yes two all-stars stand before me [Music] kylie yes this is your chance to impress me between ten thousand dollars and earn the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop [Music] time has come to lip sync for your said good luck and don't it up [Music] oh [Music] in the morning [Music] [Applause] [Music] this is a whole nother level [Music] here we go [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] ladies i've made my decision kylie you're a winner baby [Applause] [Music] congratulations you've earned a cash tip of ten thousand dollars that's a lot of money i have a very serious question [Music] what are we going to wear well girl we got to look like we on the same team what do you have kylie girl i got this catwoman suit y'all y'all have cat suits i mean we don't look we fighting crimes in different cities [Music] showing up y'all and i'm doing it with styles and i'm slaying every mile when i'm driven by my ego i got all my feelings heard took her by the humble pie now i'm putting in the work gotta keep my head up try dancing with the rain cause there's a whole lot of beauty waiting after all the pain i'm a queen on my way keep growing in my blow up and they all just believe i'm showing out when i show up gorgeous now michelle can you pair it that top with jeans you can this runway look is not only inspired by my roommate sasha colby but also my first trip to hawaii i got my little green french twist i have feathers coming out everywhere i have animal print i feel -gorgeous honey she put the cans in two cans come on all stars let's get slithering from the heart of hollywood it's time to play snatch game of love brought to you by fairfield wine and here's the snatchmaker himself rupaul it's time to play the snatch game of love let's meet our celebrity snatchers first up the legendary comedian phyllis diller hi phyllis hi phyllis what's the secret to a happy relationship not knowing each other as soon as you learn about the other person it's time for the old acts all right up next let's hear it for the voice the one and only whitney houston is here hey hey whitney you look gorgeous thank you i'm back your voice is like butter oh thank you baby thank you so much i'm back i'm so happy to be back well it's not right but it's okay and i'm not sure where i'm coming from but i'm back okay and next we have a national treasure dolly parton is here well hey there sugar why'd you come in here looking like that well honey i might be married but i can look at the map don't mean i'm going on a trip oh miss kylie i see you i see you all right now let's play the snatch game of love come on come on first we've got to close that sugar wall all right our first snatcher hails from old town idaho please welcome cheyenne jackson [Music] hello hello well you look fantastic thank you what's a nice guy like you doing in a place like this i guess i'm i'm looking for love in all the wrong places roo well this might be the end of the road for you in many ways actually here's how our game works you asked our celebrities personal questions and they try to win you over with their answers when the buzzer goes off you choose your dream snatch simple as that cheyenne snatcher at number one if we get into a committed relationship my hall pass is fortune feemster who is your hall pass and why probably the next door neighbor but my last boyfriend lived a hundred miles away talk about a tremendous sex drive [Music] it was long i mean it wasn't long but the drive was got it yes snatch there at number [Music] all two well she's come back but the voice has it same question if we get into a committed relationship who's your hall pass and why my hall pass sweetie would probably be somebody in a sale at the la county jail because whitney don't do no sharing okay okay snatcher at number three if we were going on a two-week vacation at a nudist colony what would you pack well i imagine i would need to bring my waxing kit we don't need the whole airport just the landing strip [Laughter] i'm that kind of girl we can all see what kind of a girl you are oh well honey i don't know when the last time you were able to see what kind of girl you are the only thing i haven't been able to see in years are my feet [Applause] same question uh a blindfold probably i will have to agree with her i've been trying to close my leg since 1972. i thought i had a lump behind my breast turned out to be a trick knee okay nothing wrong with that snatcher at number two if we were sharing a bed what would you do to stop me from snoring well honey [Music] can you repeat the question yes i can she's saying she has nothing yes snatch the red number two yes how would you stop me from snoring if we were sharing a bed i'll slap the hell out of you oh back to sleep oh -you should do the bobby all the time okay you're gonna need a bodyguard [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] you know what i'm done i don't don't worry about it snatcher at number three would you make up a show tune and sing it for me now and would you call it i love cheyenne i got you honey all right we did it on the bed and we did it on the floor we did it in the kitchen and we did it some more i love you cheyenne you're my man jolene if you are out there your ass is grass [Applause] available on itunes so at some point [Applause] it's natural right number one if a genie granted you three wishes what would you wish for yourself and then what would you wish for snatcher that's number two and three well i wish that i hadn't gotten that navy ship tattooed on my chest i figured it was the only way i'd ever get across my tent oh my goodness dirty girl for uh snatcherettes number two and three i wish you would shut the -up [Music] very very vicious women don't listen to them honey this place is jurassic park cause they look extinct and they are dead [Applause] [Music] [Laughter] [Applause] oh that's our buzzer cheyenne who snatched your heart is it snatcherette's number one oh number two or snatch lorette number three i'm gonna go with my gut and say snatch they're at number one oh you picked the beauty i always get my man look at that that's tiffany now cheyenne before you meet snatch lorette number one let's meet the two celebrities you didn't choose miss whitney houston hello how are you i'm good how are you you too you made a horrible decision thank you whitney thank you thank you for having me all right cheyenne let me introduce you to dolly [Music] here she comes again goodness look there's a big old grown boy over here it's always a business doing pleasure with you thank you darling all right cheyenne this is it only a thin pink sugar wall stands between you and the future miss jackson move that sugar wall and say hello to phyllis diller [Music] cheyenne how do you feel right now i feel uh like chicken tonight i feel my two favorite emotions excited and scared another snatch made in heaven now don't touch that dial because there's more snatch game of love right after this yesterday was everything well and we did really good together -my snatch game i'm even gagging that's fine i was right there with ginger minge the snatch game queen because it felt like there was such a good back and forth everything happened so fast it was like there wasn't even time to be nervous or even think about it it was just like it was really fun kylie sonique love um my eyes are down here i am a jessica rabbit meets andy warhol boom i got cleavage in the front and the back she gives me angie dickinson sexy which one of your all-star classmates is the most likely to steal your boyfriend you know i'm single board's up we have three kylie's so it's one point for eureka one point for ginger and one point for raja kylie any truth to that they just come to me i don't steal them who's the prettiest queen y'all already know let's see those boards we have three kylie so ginger trinity cable nae and kylie all get points but they got the answer wrong though [Music] who's the most likely to have a sugar daddy it's unanimous everybody gets a point there so kylie have you ever had a sugar daddy i've had a sugar daddy i've been a sugar daddy uh-huh i've also been a sugar mama okay she's a boyfriend stealing a beautiful sugar son of a -guess who's back in the house kylie sonique love as miss behave what a witch who's room and who she's coming out of the broom closet hello my little queen my name is miss behave okay who ordered broom service people call me the baddest witch in all the good ways ever since i've inherited my enchanted spell book and witching drag bag i've had magical powers i have my spooky spectacles that helps me read in more ways than one and my magical moon earrings letting me hear tea being spilled for miles around always remember it's okay to be a witching queen as long as you're in good spirits which please and if anybody ever picks on you for wearing a dress on the playground just scare the pants off of them [Music] a woman in total control of herself give me some uh-huh i got some georgia up in this -y'all could kiss this ah what are you doing down there girl i gotta give it how i can girl it's pride punky brewster and boy george had a baby the brewster project ladies you all filled me with pride right but one of you really let your true color shine the winner of today's mini challenge is kylie sonique love [Music] congratulations you've won levi's entire 2021 pride collection oh god chris kylie could you send me some free uh dreams or something please first time kylie celine claus it was a hot summer day in georgia mama had just picked me up from military school she thought i was too feminine she wanted to butch me up i remember that three hour drive i just looked out the window and i was thinking i can't wait to get home to see my best friend donald donald was the gayest guy in town he was there then two guys five guys when i got home there donald was in my front yard he said -i'm gonna take you to the gay club tonight so we jump in the car we get to this club and there's a sign that says queens night life lounge and bar so we walked past the pool tables and there's a room full of drag queens donald said you should do a number tonight i'm like really he's like yeah do it so i get greeted by the most gorgeous glamazon she said miss thing if you're going to be in the show you need to be painted so she sat me down and she started painting my mug and about 45 minutes later i went to open my eyes and this -had glued my eyes together so after pulling my eyeballs apart i hear them saying my name getting ready to go on stage there is a blonde wig sitting on the mirror so i put on this blonde wig and all of a sudden i get this crazy feeling in my stomach bubbly like champagne on new year's eve i open up that curtain the spotlight hits me and the crowd goes crazy okay white girl money everywhere my friend runs up after the number picks all my money up we run backstage he said -you paying for my gas tonight and i started thinking this is the first time in my life i had ever been celebrated for my femininity and i loved it so much that i did that every weekend to this day and that was my first time ever performing in drag thank you kylie so neat gloves corn dogs when did i eat corn dog i am the messiest eater you have ever met this outfit is going to represent that wiener wiener chicken deeter oh that's where i cook you're a wiener baby i got surprises i got oopses i got ketchup and mustard all over my outfit i got buns in the back you name it i got it always wear your condom fish hold the cheese honey come on in kylie hi honey hello hello you have emerged as this competitor with so much soul it surprised both of us thank you it feels good the second time around i will tell you that well it feels like the first time actually absolutely true yeah it's like a breath of jesus right now [Laughter] have you been surprised since your transition who emerged from this cocoon when i was little i had to deny the feminine parts of me then when i started my transition i felt like i needed to deny the masculine part to me so i can own my femininity once i transitioned i realized who i am runs way deeper than the outside you know what i mean oh yes you've hit the spot that every human ascended master realizes is that you are everything i probably wouldn't be the person i am today had i not had that opportunity from you and you're one of the first people i ever seen like a real star in person you were touring for star booty and your purple dress your big white afro wig and i was just gagged i'm like and you're to me everything star should be you shared everything that you've earned and worked for and you're sharing that with the world to have that power means nothing if you're not able to help people and if i can be just half of that well you know that's very kind of you to say and i really hear what you're saying and i appreciate it but i want you to also know that you sharing your story and your sweet soulful heart is your gift that is helping so many people you have no idea i appreciate that and i thank you so much good luck sweetheart thank you for having me here this was a pleasure thank you my love i'm gonna use breathe don't shoot running through my brain nothing good on the news this world printed we can just come together stand in love and really shine together [Music] this is i can be a cowboy [Music] [Music] she's an american makes me want to show up to the polls if you know what i mean i want to take back the american flag and make it stand for something that we can all be proud of and as a trans woman where people like me are looked down upon i want to take that flag and wrap it around my body and say -i am here too stars and struts i really like her bunting kylie sonique love i love that you wore the american flag tonight because this is what america looks like it's fun the details with the shoe the body shimmer the glove the sunglasses i love the statement it makes you're a beautiful wonderful valuable american really gorgeous so you're somebody who i have watched and admired for years you were miss got the body who her whole thing was sexy nothing wrong with that people have built empires on that but throughout this competition you became even more of a superstar than you were before and i realized oh my goodness there's so much more in here i'm so proud of you and i want you to stay on that path that's so sweet thank you okay i'm gonna tell a little story and trust me i'll get to a point okay but here's the thing one time i was at the mall and i bought this cute little bomber jacket okay and i was super thrilled with the jacket and i brought it home and then like a month later i realized what it was reversible and i was thrilled and i feel like that's kind of what happened to you here you thought you were one thing you turned yourself inside out and shocked the hell out of not just us but i feel like maybe you even shocked yourself what a surprise what a surprise and i love that you leaned into your twang in the song when an artist embraces what is naturally there and uses it that's when we have an opportunity to fall in love with you and we absolutely have so proud of you thank you um that twang was something that i used to be ashamed of but i wanted to rewrite that story and i wanted to own that everything i've had in life i've had to work for sometimes extra hard sometimes i work for things and never got it but i kept going and i'm very proud of everything that i've showed you guys and i think being crowned tonight would prepare me for the next chapter of my life i want to share who i am with the world and i want to inspire people to live in your truth and don't play down to anyone because we only go around this world one time so make it count thank you kylie thanks the time has come to crown our queen the winner of rupaul's drag race all-star six the queen who will be inducted into the drag race hall of fame is kylie sonique love you're a winner [Music] i've been waiting for this moment for 11 mother years [Music] congratulations my queen for your millions of fans around the world give anything you want to say live life in your truth and love always wins yes ma'am now remember if you can't love yourself how the hell are you gonna love somebody else can i get an a-man up in here amen all right now prance my queen you gotta work it out this means everything to me i to get a good walk-in i found myself through drag drag has been my life it's been my saving grace it's gave me a place to express myself in winning this title it's just reassurance that i followed the right path now let the music play congratulations [Music] this is my life this is my reality and -it feels so good and it feels so right congratulations. welcome back to the race the 14th contestant the ninth season of rupaul's drag race [Applause] are you bunking us oh my god no way what as i step onto the runway it can be a little intimidating you don't want to get up in front of a paw no there's corn hanging from her hand what is that i'm corn cobbed it's a you've been corn cob yes angela tell us what this outfit says about you well you know a little fun a little rough around the edges because i'm fairly new to the drag world your bus line is non-existent there's no waste definition there shangela you have an irrepressible energy but can energy make up for a lack of experience i'm sorry my dear you're up for elimination i expected to be in the bottom group now i'm thinking in my head let's turn it out ladies i've made my decision [Music] sahara davenport shantae you stay [Music] congratulations girl i love you shangela you have only just begun but i have a feeling we haven't seen the last of you yet good luck my dear thank you now sashay away thank you all [Applause] [Music] [Applause] it was disappointing if i was to lose to anyone in this group i'm glad it was my sister sahara that was a great experience and now it's time for me to pack these wigs and go home now if good things come in small packages then this is going to be redonkulous [Music] hallelujah [Applause] [Music] merry christmas happy holidays -everybody's face gagged what the -who invited this girl again she already got her moment of glory she got eliminated now for the first time in drag race history i'm giving one of my girls a second chance shangela will be joining you in this competition carmen carrera your reggae was half baked and your performance went up in smoke i'm sorry my dear but you are up for elimination oh god i was in the bottom two last time so for me it's do or die i've made my decision shangela shantay you stay you [Music] carmen carrera my jersey girl you're a fierce queen do you believe in life after rupaul's drag race because i believe in you [Music] now sashay away rue's decisions drew's decision and i respect her decision i think in this competition it's about doing it and doing it the best you can and if other people do it better then that's the reality of it but i am the most beautiful one here and honestly i would have liked to get sent home by somebody better hello hello hello what's up roo boy oh boy now as you know i gave the judges a one-time opportunity to bring back one of the eliminated queens if they could come to a unanimous decision so let's see which queen if any is behind that door [Music] the moment of truth is upon us [Music] it's a heather it's a heather the jersey girl is back it's carmen carmen correa hey now is your head back in the game yes i'm really happy that you know the judges wanted me to come back like that makes me feel even more confident i feel like i have to bring it now kenya michaels impersonating beyonce is not your destiny child i'm sorry my dear but you are up for elimination i feel bad because i can't believe that i go to the battle too ladies i've made my decision [Music] milan shante you stay you may join the other girls [Music] kenya michaels for a little queen you pack a big punch and now the world knows you're a knockout now sashay away thank you i'm not sad really for me a global drug race is amazing experience all the puerto rican people be proud of my work i'm a champion please welcome back oh the suspense is killing me [Music] kinder michaels is back welcome home mama yeah i'm ready i'm back in the building i'm ready to compete so let's prepare our ladies trixie mattel the idea of tan with you is funny were there big butt gusting knee-slapping lols no but i liked it you are not standing out for me and i want to see some identity and some flavor and i'm not getting that from you yet if you're gonna be the comedy queen you gotta go all the way don't let anyone else stand out you have to trixie mattel you are an amazing queen keep on dreaming sashay away thank you bye [Music] it's kind of embarrassing to be a comedy queen and go home on a comedy challenge i had more cool looks i had better jokes and i'm funnier than what i was showing it sounds a bummer but i hope that i get to meet lots of fans who like what i do now as i promised last week one of the eliminated queens is returning do you want to know who all right you ready come on out kitty girl [Music] [Applause] oh my god hi trixie hi i look like i'm gonna trade some girls some soap for some new makeup girl chicks and mattel that means you're back in the race girl i'm back yay i thought i was fourth episode queen bye i thought it was maybe i'm first and now i'm maybe i'm second chance natia lopez you are gorgeous but the judges felt shortchanged by your drag on a dime i'm sorry my dear but you're up for elimination i am absolutely gagging i don't deserve to be in the bottom two you have some queen rocking this five dollar dress i i don't get it ladies i've made my decision leila mcqueen shantae you stay you may join the other girls nation lopez out of 100 queens you are by far one of the most beautiful to grace this stage thank you and i'm sorry to see you go so soon i'm sorry that i wasn't able to show you everything that i had to offer thank you roof for this opportunity thank you now sashay away [Music] i am first to go and i feel like i didn't let ruth see what i'm all about because there's so much more to me i want to thank you for the platform that you have given me because not everyone appreciates it i thank you for that from the bottom of my heart ladies last week's double elimination left a void that i've decided to fill with the one and only [Music] nation should have walked in with her luggage and just kept on walking bye girl natia you're getting a second chance so don't get up okay cynthia lee fontaine your ginger snap was loca but the judges were not crazy about your roller girl i'm sorry my dear but you are up for elimination i've made my decision [Music] robbie turner shantae you stay [Music] thank you thank you cynthia lee fontaine puerto rico austin santee alley and now the world keep spreading your cuckoo now sashay i love you thank you thank you [Applause] [Music] [Applause] i feel sad but at the same time i don't have any regrets i would like to encourage everybody don't stop believing even if you are the only one that believes in yourself damasi caballeros this is cintiali fontaine hashtag misa mores cuckoo the real competition is just about to begin i'm introducing a 14th queen into the race what who [Music] oh great please welcome back to the race the 14th contestant the ninth season of rupaul's drag race [Applause] rue are you bunking us oh my god no way what [Music] how you doing misamores are you ready to see my cuckoo i guess got me jesus [Music] oh my god oh welcome back cynthia oh god congratulations thank you thank you and congrats on you getting better with your health it was a roller coaster right right you know i'm here i was diagnosed with liver cancer stage one but i'm on remission and i feel healthier as ever my cuckoo is fantastic girl i'm not gonna take that opportunity that rupaul is giving to me in granted this cuckoo is ready this is home all right come on over here miss north come on blac chyna this should prove to be fun yes how are you feeling honestly i feel okay my knee's a little swollen i have to use crutches but i'm not gonna let it stop me when i was doing the cheerleading challenge i landed wrong and my knee just popped the last couple weeks i've been able to push through but now it's hurting so i have to use crutches but i have a positive attitude i'm going to do whatever they throw my way you give me a roll honey and i'll make it work i need a moment [Music] could you please excuse me roo walks off the set [Music] what's going on i am so confused [Music] i'm nervous like it's going down [Music] thank you for waiting ladies i have made my decision eureka would you please step forward we've been in touch with the doctor you need time to heal and in good conscience i cannot allow you to continue in the competition [Music] please know that you are loved here and that you have an open invitation to return next season [Music] but for now i'm so sad to say sashay away thank you guys so much and now we'll be back i love you guys thank you all so much [Music] i'm starting to crutch off and i hear the whole crew behind me [Music] just applauding well you found it once and you'll find it again yes -[Music] i just feel sad that i understand a doctor's orders all i can do is move forward you know the love that i've been given during this entire situation i finally feel like i'm a part of something that's bigger than me you know and i don't know how the hell that's possible because y'all know mama is big as hell i have an open invitation for season 10. so y'all watch out [Music] oh like a phoenix from the ashes eureka is back i'm eureka and i am so so excited i'm so excited to be back for real i was like what a diet oh god move this to our crew i was originally on season nine and i injured myself so i had to go have immediate surgery thank you all so much i didn't get to really bring my all so now i got something to prove and i'm here to play yeah let me practice hey girl how are you oh my god your makeup looks amazing yeah i'm lying vanessa vangie mateo of the mattel dynasty bam yeah so do you have a background in design i wouldn't say i'm project one-way ready but i got my patterns in my clutch you have a lot of flavor uh-huh all kinds of flavors yeah i love the quirkiness and the campiness of the dolls on your boobs coming out of your waist they're just like hey girl but here's the story i'm looking at you and i see round almost it's about definition you want to see the lines in the outfits so it's literally a head and legs and the rest is flowers you guys put so much time and effort into making undergarments that give an illusion and then you're slamming everything on it and covering it up so think about that before you step out onto the runway made my decision calorie chante you stay and they joined the other girls [Music] vanessa vangie mateo you've done your house proud and i have just one thing to say bam sashay away [Applause] miss vanjie miss banji miss [Music] [Applause] to go home first is the worst i wish i could have been here longer i feel like i've let elected down i hope i didn't disappoint her [Music] miss vanjie miss vanjie smith angie -i'm back i'm back by popular demand in season 10 i was the first girl out miss vanjie miss vanjie i was immediately humiliated i was embarrassed i thought i was a failure and i wanted to hide it was the worst oh -but then when the whole miss vanji thing went haywire on social media -i made lemonade out of lemon oh let me just go ahead and do it now thank y'all appreciate you cut the check later -i feel very lucky to be back get those cookies get those cookies i want to show america that i'm more than just a meme i'm not a one episode trick pony i'm hiding -i'm about to hide and see what hoes walk in this door cause i don't want them to know i'm here just yet. (midtempo electronic music) (loud, atonal singing) - [Jinkx] Okay, all right. That was just right next to my ear. - Honey, that one's gonna bug me, that little one. She's already starting to bug. Little bitty Serena, she's kinda irritating. And by kinda I mean she's (beep) irritating the (beep) out of me, on a constant. - [Serena] I was born and raised in the Republic of Panama. - Where is Panama? - It's in between Colombia and Costa Rica. It's one of the number one retirement homes for Americans, you should consider going there. - Not if they're all like you. Yeah, 'cause your mouth doesn't shut. - Oh, okay. - It wears thin very quickly. - You know, I have a feeling you just likes to be the only pretty one. - I just think you're annoying. - I can handle annoying. - I can't. Serena tries to read bitches like she can. She is loud, she won't shut her mouth, and I have had it with her. - [Jade] There is funny and then there's just like, blunt rudeness. - Can you not take it, is that why? - Oh, honey, I can take it, you're just like, so immature, it's just really aggravating. - I'm sorry, you're only 21 once and you only audition for this thing once being 21 and get in right away once. - And then do you think because you're younger, you think that's an advantage, but we've all done drag longer, so. - Does it bother you I keep saying I'm 21? - [Jade] Well, no, not at all, I mean, because honestly I look just as young as you, but you just keep- - Are you sure about that? - Oh, girl. - Easy. - Girl, you ain't that pretty. Covergirl don't cover boy, baby. - Go home, Jade. Go home, just go home. Well girls, we will see. - [Drag Queen] We shall see. - Jocelyn Fox, she's so gay even her (beep) has a lisp. Then we have Adore. I know what you got on your SATs, ketchup. - Trinity, I believe your smile belongs on season four, every day is shark week with your grill. Miss Laganja Estranja, next time you death drop reverse that and drop dead. - Adore, you know you're from the west coast because it's a three hour delay before you finally get a joke. Darienne Lake, this is the girl who probably sits reverse cowgirl on the toilet, just so she has a flat surface to eat off of. - Jocelyn, you have some really comforting old fashioned qualities, like how you paint in sepia tones and your voice sounds like a dial-up modem. (modem beeping) Miss Darienne Lake, you have a lot of jokes, but to me they're more like UFO's. I mean, they are way out there and I've never seen one land. - Milk, your beauty and fashion is listed right on the side of your carton, under missing. Ben de la Creme, you remind me of a Russian doll, full of yourself. Adore Delano, I'm going to say this very slowly so you can understand, you're dumb. - So I'm picturing us maybe to be like, drunk lushes. - Oh, okay. - You know, like- - Pinot grigio in the afternoon. I cannot even wrap my brain around it at this moment, that I'm actually doing this thing with Courtney Act herself. She has so much respect for me. And I, of course, have the utmost respect for her. I think like, we should do a makeover. - Does one of us want to be like a before and one of us will be after? - If you were the before- - The problem is, no one would ever believe that you were the after. Right? - What was it like working together? - We've got like a little sister vibe going. - I'm the low rent version of Courtney. So she says. - I may have used that term once, - Joslyn, I mean, you're being very quiet. What's going on? - Tonight in the Silver Lounge, Courtney read my look. - I just think that your drag isn't as polished as the other drag in the competition right now. - You guys really feel like I shouldn't be here? - [Drag Queen] No, not at all. - I do feel that the look tonight wasn't executed as well as the vision in your head. But if you want anything, I've got a whole box full of (beep). - I've got a whole rack of things. - I've been doing drag for 13 years and I'm not being mean, I'm just being factual. But I didn't mean that in any way to hurt her feelings. I didn't want you to think that I was saying that you weren't deserving being in the competition. - I think because I have such a big respect for you, it makes me feel bad about myself. Like, I need you to understand that like, that hurt me really bad. Nothing else has hurt me since I've been in this competition than when you told me that I looked unpolished. - If you need any help by any means, I'm just trying to offer a hand because I would like to see you do even better. - No, and I appreciate you offering me help, but I just, I can't help but take it as patronizing, almost. - Well, I mean, I guess it is a little bit. - At this point I don't know if I look up to Courtney as much. This is not about making friends. Now it's game on. (dramatic music) - All right, Thorgy Thor. Girl, I love you so much. I don't know where they're to give you a hug or put some change in a cup. Bob the Drag Queen, you may be from New York, honey, but those feet are still from Mississippi. - Chi Chi, your drag is just like turkey neck, cheap and no one wants it. - [Drag Queen] Wow. - Naomi Smalls, your wardrobe reminds me of a legendary drag race queen, Nicole Paige Brooks. - The shade! Who knew that was lurking underneath that- - We all knew. - We all knew. - Is a known fact that Derrick Barry is not very smart. When she heard Brittany Spears, she said, does she, I prefer fencing. It is very hard to have an intelligent conversation with Derrick Barry. The only thing harder is Robbie Turner's wig lines. - Robbie Turn-ter, I know you're a huge fan of classic movies and television. May I recommend one of my favorite classic TV shows, "Flipper." - So Valentina, speaking of telenovela drama, Aja had some pretty choice words for you after the princess challenge. - [Drag Queen] What did they say? - Oh my god, some of them- - You're perfect, you're beautiful, You look like Linda Evangelista. You're a model. Did you stone those tights? Oh, you're smiling. They eat her up every single time she's on that damn stage. She doesn't even, she could walk out there in a (beep) diaper. And they're like, Valentina, your smile is beautiful. - I'm not gonna say nothing to that. - Oh my god. - Valentina, what you think of this? - Oh, I loved it. I'm currently working on a number where I just literally come out and just stand there in a diaper and smile. - Aja, what was going on there? - Here's, the thing, if you're in the moment and you have some (beep) to say, say it. So when Valentina was getting so much praise for being this gorgeous, beautiful model, which she is, - She is. - She's kind of a psycho but she's still beautiful. And that day I really had felt like she didn't deserve to be in the top. And I was just over it. I was like, girl. And then I, you know, I don't want to say I read her. I just aggressively complimented her. And I let her know how beautiful she was. - You could see how happy I was. I was like, yes, girl! Get her, get her, J, get her! - I think a lot of us had the feeling that as you were saying it, there was a little bit of a silent amen. Amen, she's saying what we're thinking. - We didn't understand why Valentina was in the top that challenge. A lot of us didn't necessarily appreciate the charm that Valentina was conveying on camera. Because, to be honest, girl, you were not making an attempt to like, really get to know us backstage at that point, it came on a little bit later- - 'Cause I wanted to win. - You wanted to be on the show 'cause you wanted to be a star and you- - I didn't want to be a star, I wanted to show the star that I am. - You are secretly one little bitch and that's why I love you now. But back then, bitch, I hated you so much. And I was just like, I want to send this bitch home so bad. - Now the moment we've all been waiting for. Which one of these bitches have the fans voted Miss Congeniality? Will last year's winner, Cynthia Lee Fontaine, please step forward? (queens cheering) Cynthia, do you have any parting words? - To all the fans of "RuPaul's Drag Race," it was a great and amazing experience. Thank you for your love and support. - Now I have verify these results and I can promise you that this selection was not hacked by the Russians. (dramatic drum roll) The winner of Miss Congeniality, season nine, is... I'm so nervous. - Valentina! (queens cheering mildly) - [Drag Queen] What a surprise. - Condragulations. You've won $5,000, courtesy of Logo. - I dedicate this prize to my mother. She taught me to always be kind and forgiving. So thank you to her. Without her I wouldn't even be congenial. - What? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, I just don't feel like you should be Miss Congeniality. - Do you have anything to say to respond to Aja's claim? - I've been kind to every single one of you and I'll continue to be kind towards success. - Can I say something? - [RuPaul] Sure, go ahead. - [Drag Queen] Everyone else is. - Well, I finally want to say something. Valentina, we literally did everything together this whole show, we were such close friends. And you literally have not spoken to me in almost five months. And I really miss my friend and it really hurts my feelings that you have not spoken to me. - [Valentina] I respect you and love you. - You don't love me. I was a real friend to you. You would not have just dropped me. - Farrah Moan, if you want a friendship, text me, call me, let's talk about it. - I have texted you, you ignore my texts. - I've responded. - You finally responded to me when you got eliminated and I texted you and said, are you okay, and you said, yes. - Okay, let's talk about it. - I would really love to, but it seems like you don't have any time or really any desire. - Like, you are clearly not focused on anybody but yourself. And fan favorite, yeah, great. Like, you have a lot of fans, your fans love you. But is it fan favorite or is it congeniality? - If it's fan favorite than I guess she deserves it. - Then we should call it fan favorite, but congeniality, I just don't see it. - Yeah, fan favorite, congratulations. Everyone, let's make a round of applause for fan favorite. - Work, fan favorite! - Fan favorite! (queens cheering) - Janet Hag-son, oh, I'm sorry, Coco Montrese. How exciting for you that Janet has a new album out. You can both come out of retirement. - Tatiana, thank you, for letting the PAs know who to pack up first. - Coco Montrese, I always wanted to know what the female gremlin would look like in 25 years. - [Alyssa] That was a good one, bitch. - Ginger Minj, In my eyes, the true winner of season seven of TLC's "I Didn't Know I Was Pregnant." Roxxxy Andrews, I think about you all the time, especially in the morning, at the bus stop. Too soon, too soon, sorry. - Alaska, like her outfit, trash. Coco, way too old. and Adore Delano, really? - Y'all bitches are hateful. - Detox. No, really, I mean that. This is actually your intervention. You should really stop this. Adore Delano, these other girls are gonna say you have terrible makeup skills, you have no fashion sense, and you're dumb as a rock, but they're wrong. You don't have terrible makeup skill. Roxxy Andrews, obviously a diet consisting of nothing but hatred for Jinkx Monsoon does a body good. Come on, All Stars, let's get all started, okay? - [Katya] So what happened this week? - I don't know, I guess all I can say is I really wanna stay and I think I deserve to stay. - Alaska doesn't know me very well. And you know, if I win the lip sync, I don't know that she's 100% percent sure I won't send her home, because she's my biggest competition. - I need to go to the end of this competition. I need to. - Party. - Okay. My heart is sinking. I think my spleen is going to explode. Queens in the past have completely disregarded someone's past performance and sent people home because of a terrible critique on the runway. Even I, in the past, so it's terrifying. I (beep) up this week, man, I (beep) up. And it really sucks. It (beep) really (beep) sucks a lot. And I need to be in the finals four. And now I'm potentially looking at, I'm not going to be. And it really (beep) sucks. - I'm shocked with Alaska's behavior. She's really acting like a brat and it's not, that's not attractive. It might throw my thinking process off of the elimination. If you're gonna act like a brat, like, right now, how are you going to act the rest of this time here? - Well, I'll give you $10,000 if you let me stay, before taxes, I'll transfer it to you via PayPal. Because I need to stay in this competition. I need to be in the final four. - I know what it's like to come back to this competition and be sent home again without getting the crown, I know how that feels. The person I've chosen to send home, is Thorgy. - Oh, Jesus, gross. - Thorgy, you are, and will always be, an All Star. Now, sashay away. - Gotcha. I love you guys. - I love you, Thorgy, I really mean that, I really do love you. - Bye, guys. - I am not ready to leave this competition at all. I have so much to give. In comparison to some of the other girls here I think I deserve to stay a lot more. But drag is fun. And then, because I'm gonna hate Shangela for life, how about, "Suck it, Shangella?" And I'm gonna spell it with two L's because she hates that. And then she can (beep) this 'cause it's going that way. Yeah, that's pretty disgusting. Have a good time without me. Bye, it's gonna be boring TV. - It's my first Snatch Game, I have nothing to live up to so feel like I have- - What's this? - The thing of like living up to- - [Trixie] From Thorgy. - Oh, Thorgy wrote this? - Yeah. - It says, "(beep) this shady bitch, Shangela." And it has my name crossed out. - I didn't show it to you 'cause I thought it was not helpful or appropriate. - But you decided to hang it on the wall? - Oh boy, here we go. - [Trixie] My note from Thorgy. I put it by my Milk note. - Yeah, but this one specifically talks about me and then says (beep) this shady bitch and then points out at name. And then you hung it on the wall. - Oh, face crack. I know Trixie's stomach has fallen out of her ass. - Well, I don't care what you think, she gave it to me cause she was sad and I'm honoring her. I like those people - Trixie, you can't tell me that you read Thorgy calling Shangela a bitch and you just saw the goodness in the letter and wanted to put it up. Cut this (beep). - I would not do something- No, girl, leave it now. Now I know you feel that, that's what you really feel about someone like me. I wouldn't put that up against someone 'cause I would not want you to feel bad like that. - I never even showed it to you because I didn't want to- - [Shangela] You hung it on the wall, sis. - Oh my god, get out of my station. - [Shangela] It is what it is. - Ooh, the drama in the pageant. - Bitch, I've got a lot of incense around here, clear the air. - How did Thorgy's feelings about Shangela make Shangela mad at me now? - I think she was just upset because you hung it up and didn't tell her. - Thorgy left a really (beep) message to me on the mirror. I took the high road on that. Then I find out she double dogged me in a written note. Then Trixie hangs the note up on the wall. How much has Shangie got to take? - Trixie is a mess and she shouldn't even have that up there. She put it up there to be a mess. - What do you mean by a mess? - Why would you put it up there? - I wouldn't, but- - My point. So her putting it up there, that's being a mess. - I just think maybe she wasn't thinking about it. - Girl. - Maybe she was just thinking about- - Come on, Ben. Some things you just do not do. If we all supposed to be this sisterhood and stuff, that type of (beep) don't supposed to fly. (dramatic music) - I have the chance to win and take the crown. I am going to lip sync my ass off. - Crouching tiger, hidden drag queen. I'm about to cut this bitch up. - Ma'am, the crown is right there. I am feet away. There's no way I'm going to let this slip through my fingers. Not a second time. - Good luck. And don't (beep) it up! (upbeat music) - I'm bla-ack. I'm Shea Coulee. I know y'all haven't missed me, but it's okay. Wow, Ru. Love what you're done with the place. This was my spot on season nine. It feels kind of lucky. This time I came to win. (upbeat music) - And cracktion! Ooh. (Shea laughing) Guess who's cracking the house, girl? My name is Miz Cracker. I am 35 pounds heavier than I was in season 10. Oh. - Look at this woman! - We've been trying to get together and do a thing. - Yeah, we're doing the biggest of things. - Shea Coulee is talented, beautiful, funny and the worst thing is she is a great person. I hate her. (upbeat music) (Shea gasps) - Boricua in the house to take the crown. Sickening, no? I'm Alexis Mateo from Season three and All Stars one. Bam! - Bam! - Bam! - Bam! - Bam! - Bam. (upbeat music) - Well, I do declare. Blair St. Clair's all grown up now. Bitches. (all laughing) I kid. I'm Blair St. Clair from season 10 and I've finally gone through puberty. Well, almost. - She's always looking wet. - That's what your man said last night. - Ooh! (laughing) - In a room full of 10s, I'm always grand prize. (upbeat music) - She's here to save the day. - I'm Mariah Balenciaga, AKA Mariah Paris, AKA Mariah Successful, AKA Miss Queen of All Stars Season five. (dramatic music) - Oh. - Oh, juries. - More and more sparkle. - Oh! Bit! - India. 2.0 here. Remodeled, remastered and ready for action. Surprise, bitches. It's me! It's India Ferrah from season three. Oh! (upbeat music) - I am Jujubee from season two of RuPaul's Drag Race and season one of All Stars. Third time's a charm. - Oh! - Oh, bitch! - Oh! - Come on, Grandma Barbie. (all laughing) - I made it to top three twice. It is time to take the crown. What about Jujubee?! Give me the crown, RuPaul. Can I have the crown? Please? Okay, I am so dressed for all your funerals 'cause I'm gonna kill you all. (all laughing) Get ready, baby. - You've aged so well. - Oh, like cheese. (all laughing) This Jujubee has stepped her pussy up. This is like I am the pussy staircase. (laughing) (upbeat music) - Woo. - Ooh! - Oh. (Shea laughing) - Woo! Ooh, I did it again. - Woo! - I'm Derrick Barry and I'm from season eight. It's Derrick. bitch. You know me. - Hi! - Hi. - Hi, gorg. - How are you? - What's going on? (dramatic music) - Hi. - Hey, girl. - There's only one queen I don't get along with and it's India Ferrah. - She has got me, girl. - India has these online rants that are negative. She's toxic. Maybe she's all good with giving fake hugs, but I really don't have much to say to her. (dramatic music) - I didn't come to crash the party, I came to end it. (girls cheering) I am Mayhem "The Drama" Miller from RuPaul's Drag Race Season 10. - Season 10's in the house. - This time around, I just can't hold back. I want to make believers out of the non-believers and show exactly why she got the call. (rattling) - I hear something. - Dragging something? - Oh! - Oh! - So y'all thought I'd never get here. Sorry. I was stuck in traffique. My name is Ongina. I'm from the very first season of RuPaul's Drag Race. - She look good. - The one that started this whole shenanigan. Somebody said All Stars 5? - Yeah! - Yeah! - I'm finally on All Stars, bitch. I'm so excited. (laughing) But I'm super nervous because everything literally has changed. But I have been changing as well, and I'm excited to show everyone my 10 year glow-up. So here it is and enjoy! You're welcome! (all clapping) - Now, queens, in the grand tradition of Paris is burning it's time for some serious reading because reading is what? - Fundamental! - That's right. All right, first queen up, Alexis Mateo. - Oh my God! - Boriqua! - Jujubee, I can wait to see your clearance retail store collection you brought. - Ooh! - Oh! - Blair Sinclair. Bitch, you look hungry, eat a burger. - Girl, whatever weight I lost, you found. - Callate! (upbeat music) - Well look at you, papi. - Hey, mama, here you go. - Oh, my dear friend Derrick Barry. You are a Las Vegas show girl. And you're also a lost Vegas showgirl. 'Cause why the hell are you here? (all laughing) Ongina. I can't wait to put you on top of my Christmas tree. (Ongina laughing) - Mayhem Miller. - Yes? - I think maybe you should switch out the Miller for Coors Light. (all laughing) India Ferrah. This shade is all real. It's no wonder you work at a place called Parana in Las Vegas because with those teeth, you're a walking billboard for them. (all laughing) And also I'm really surprised to see you because I thought you had retired and now I just see that you're tired. (all laughing) - Mariah Paris Balenciaga. Great, you're here so we have to change the name to RuPaul's Drag Race: Some Stars. (all laughing) Mayhem Filler. (all laughing) I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I mean, Meh-hem Miller. (all laughing) Alexis Matteo. I don't want to be shady so I'm not gonna bring up your weight, but when you work, do they pay you in pounds? (all laughing) - Bitch. - Jujubee, the shade. - Mariah Paris Balenciaga. You look like what would happen if Will Smith absorbed Jada Pinkett. (all laughing) Ongina. Thank you so much for taking time out of your busy schedule of auditioning for All Stars to finally join us on All Stars. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Wow. - India Ferrah. I'm not gonna read you 'cause I'd never kick a man. (all laughing) While he's down. Okay, Blair St. Clair. - You know me. - Mm-hmm. - I don't read somebody unless I have a genuine respect for them. So I think we're done here. (all laughing) - Oh, Miz Cracker, you remind me of my childhood, picking Adam's apples. (all laughing) Shea Coulee. Why so emotional, baby? - Ooh! - Oh! - Mayhem Miller. - Hi. - Every time I look at your face, I'm always reminded it's 5:00 somewhere. (all laughing) - Oh! - Oh! - Derek Barry. You give us Britney like it's always 2008. Now, Ru, can we go ahead and open the door and #FreeBritney? (all laughing) - Shea Coulee, you always say that you've come to slay. How hard are you gonna slay this season? - Is that a question or a read? - No, it's a read. I'm trying my best, you guys. Alexis Mateo. You actually have a really good chance of winning this competition because they've never had a Puerto Rican or a big girl winner. - Right. - Yeah. (crickets chirping) - Okay. The crickets aren't even laughing. - Derrick Barry. You know, the girls in your season said you weren't a real drag queen because you couldn't paint and you could only do Britney, but I completely disagree. I don't really think you can do Britney. (all laughing) Mariah, girl I love you, but your career only has movement because the earth has to spin on its axis. (all laughing) - And India Ferrah. Oh, I'm pausing so we can all Google who you are. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Put your hands together for India Ferrah. - Ladies and gentlemen, the rules are very simple. No lifting, no touching, no holding, no moving. Do not disturb the queen that you see before your very eyes. So listen up. Drag is not a contact sport. (all laughing and cheering) - Bam! - Drag is not a contact sport! (all laughing) Drag is not a contact sport! ♪ Do the get her off of me ♪ ♪ Do the get her off of me ♪ ♪ I am serving glamor and she is serving camp ♪ ♪ Now drop, now drop ♪ ♪ Now drop it down low ♪ ♪ I am here to shantay ♪ ♪ All these bitches got to go ♪ ♪ Yes, that means you ♪ (audience laughing) (audience cheering) Drag is not a contact sport! Okay, I shouldn't have did that. Drag is not a contact sport! (audience cheering) (RuPaul laughing) - Welcome, ladies. - Hi. - From this moment on All Star rules have been suspended. Forever! - What? - That's right, we're gonna do eliminations a little differently this season. Each week I'll choose one top all star, not two. (dramatic music) In the workroom, the top all star will secretly choose the lipstick of the bottom queen she thinks should go home. And all of the rest of you will cast your vote for the bottom queen you think should get the chop. - Oh my God. - And yes, the top all star of the week will lip sync for her legacy, but she'll be competing against (dramatic music) a secret lip sync assassin. - Oh. - Oh my God. - Oh. - What? - If the top all star wins the lip sync the bottom queen she chose will get the chop. Now, if the lip sync assassin wins, she will reveal the lipstick of the queen that the group has voted to go home. - Miss Thing, if I'd had lenses in these, they would have popped out, bitch. (dramatic music) - Alright, ladies, based on the judges' critiques I've made some decisions. (suspenseful music) India Ferrah. Con-drag-ulations. You are the top all star of the week. (all applauding) - What? - Yes, bitch. - That means the world to me. Thank you. - Category is love the skin you're in. Jujubee. - [Carson] That's a latte body she's showing. - Mm-hmm. - Jujubeast! - I'm serving you Asian Mae West with a nice updo. Oh, I own everything. I'm looking sickening. My body is right. My goodness, I would (beep) me. - [RuPaul] Ooh. She puts the motion in the Laotian. - Oh, stop. - [RuPaul] Blair St. Clair, I declare! - [Michelle] Someone forgot their sunscreen. (RuPaul laughing) - [RuPaul] Now that's the worst case of pink eye I've ever seen. (all laughing) - I am loving the skin that I'm in. And I wanted to go outside of the box because I think that I am more than what people see on the outside and I'm giving them exactly what I feel like on the inside. Pink! - [Carson] We're all pink on the inside. - [RuPaul] That's true. - Right. Ding! - [RuPaul] Miz Cracker. - [Carson] This would be great at a salad bar. - Yes! A sneeze guard. - Yes. (all laughing) - [Miz Cracker] You want Jewish princess? I am giving it to you. It's time for me to show my roots, literally. You want to fiddle around on the roof? This whore is ready, darling. - Look how long her tulle is. - Ooh, I heard! - Shea Coulee. Ooh. - [Michelle] Now I know where my implants went. (all laughing) - [Shea] Oh yes, mama, I'm serving up some Nubian goddess realness. Mama just stepped out of the Nile River, drip, drip dripping and Swarovski stones and I feel gorgeous and expensive. - [Carson] That's some serious bejazzleing. - [RuPaul] It certainly is. Come on, Josephine Baker. - Come on, Grace Jones. - Come on, Pam Greer! - Shea Coulee. (suspenseful music) Con-drag-ulations. You are the top all star of the week. - Yay, thank you. (all applauding) Welcome back, ladies. Shea Coulee. It's time to lip sync for your legacy. Would you like to meet your opponent? - Sure. (all laughing) - The time has come to present this week's lip sync assassin. (dramatic music) - Oh my God. Who is it? Oh my God. - Oh, there is so much pressure because damn, I got to go up against some bitch whose one purpose is to come in here and stop me from winning this lip sync. - Who is this? - Oh. - Ruveal yourself. (dramatic music) - Trinity? - Oh, it could be Trinity. - [Contestant] Wait, that's Cameron. (dramatic music) (all cheering) (upbeat music) - Child. Hmm. - Two Queens stand before me. Shea Coulee. This is your chance to impress me, win $20,000 and earn the power to get one of the bottom queens the chop. (dramatic music) The time has come for you to lip sync for your legacy. Good luck. And don't (beep) it up. (upbeat music) ♪ I don't want to take it anymore ♪ ♪ I'll just stay here locked behind the door ♪ ♪ Woo-hoo ♪ (judges cheering) - Come on, Shea! ♪ Someone stole my brand new Chevrolet ♪ ♪ And the rent is due, I got no place to stay ♪ ♪ Whoo oooh ♪ (laughing) - Whoa, I'm excited. ♪ And it's hard to say ♪ ♪ Just how some things never change ♪ ♪ And it's hard to find ♪ ♪ Any strength to draw the line ♪ ♪ Oh I'm just burning doin' the neutron dance ♪ ♪ I'm so happy doin' the neutron dance ♪ ♪ And I'm just burning doin' the neutron dance ♪ ♪ Well, well, well, well ♪ (judges cheering) (judges clapping) - Wow. Ladies. I've made my decision. (dramatic music) Shea Coulee. You're a winter, baby. (all cheering) You earned a cash tip of $20,000. (all cheering) - Alyssa Edwards. You may slay another day. - At the house. (judges laughing) Always and forever a runner up proudly. (judges laughing) - Uh, excuse me, did Mama Ru just call my name over Alyssa Edwards? Girl. I mean... (laughing) (upbeat music) - Your RuPauliday continues. Next stop, let's get wild in the Glamazone with Alexis Matteo, India Ferrah, and Jujubee. (upbeat safari music) - Bienvenidos to a wild adventure at the. - [All] Glamazone. (all growling) - Come inside. I've said that before. It smell just like a jungle, lots of animals. (imitating monkey) and everything in the wild. (growling) - We're wearing leopard print dresses. - Mm-hmm. - Right here in our rhino room, you're gonna feel right at home. Here I am sitting on a chair that my grandma made. She made this with her two bare hands. I sat on her lap. Oh. She was chewing tobacco. All the stories I heard, didn't understand a word. (upbeat music) - This is the PP bar, party party bar, everybody. - My grandma also made this chair. Oh. - Ooh, your grandma might want to reinforce that. - Oh, don't talk about my grandma, bitch. (upbeat music) - We have our very own golden shower head. And it's gonna leave you with a warm sensation of joy. Oh. Oh. - Yes. - And this is where all the magic happens. These sheets are infused with 15 carat Laotian gold. And there's a mosquito net to protect you from the live mosquitoes we've released. (bugs buzzing) But not to worry because in our welcoming basket we have mosquito rupellant. - Ooh, yes. - Wow. - And of course we include the most exotic fruit we can find. - What the hell just happened? - Bananas, oranges, apples, and grapes. (all growling) - Hi, ladies. - Welcome to- - The Glamazone. - Mm, smells like bananas. - You're just in time for our signature nightcap. - Yes! - I love a drink! ♪ Oy yae, oy yae ♪ - There goes our butler. - Oh. - Oh. - Our signature nightcap is a mix of natural flavors. And of course a mysterious ingredient to help you relax. - Woo. (upbeat music) - [India] It's the ultimate place to stay if you're excited about the jungle. - Not only can you pet the pets, but they pet you back. - [Alexis] Wow. That is wild! - This only happens at- - The Glamazone. (all growling) (India hisses) (upbeat music) ♪ Everyone can be someone ♪ - [RuPaul] Up first, Blair St. Clair. Oh, I do declare. - [Blair] Today on the runway a travel-through-time fantasy. I'm starting off in my 1950s Sunday best dress. - [Nicole] Yas, from the bed to the plane. (RuPaul laughing) - [Blair] Next, I'm giving you my 1960s Twiggy fantasy in this yellow mod dress. And girl, you could take this on the go-go. - [Ross] I'll have some warm nuts. (RuPaul laughing) - Ooh! - Ooh! - Ooh! - Ooh, yes! Straight to the disco! - [Blair] I am finishing in my Studio 54 inspired fantasy. She is metallic, she is golden, she is shifty. - [Ross] Now boarding, Studio 54. - Studio 54. - Jujubee. - Yes! - [Michelle] I can't decide if this is a trick or a treat. - [RuPaul] It's a trick. (all laughing) - [Jujubee] I am serving you the sickest, witchiest witch. She's the queen of Halloween. - Oh! - Oh! - Oh! - Oh! - [Nicole] I love this Mrs. Claus. You know Santa's really getting it every night. - [Jujubee] And then I am giving you a Santa, baby! She's a little slutty, but she's still a good girl, so she's not on the naughty list. - Oh! - Oh! - Oh my goodness, that's Jujubee! The beaster bunny! - The truth is, I really love Thanksgiving, but I was not gonna come in dressed like a pilgrim because of cultural appropriation.Truth is I do not want a pilgrim to be upset with me. - [RuPaul] A queen for all seasons. Miz Cracker! Oh! (Nicole laughing) - [Ross] Feed me, Seymour! (all laughing) - [Miz Cracker] My three-in-one runway is quintessential Cracker. It's glam, but it's silly. - Oh! - Oh! - [RuPaul] She's really coming out of her shell. - Yes. - Oh! - Yes. - [RuPaul] What? Oh. Wait a minute now. - [Miz Cracker] I'm telling the story of Anastasia. We have a Faberge egg, the princess herself, and the princess on the run after the revolution. - Wow. - I love it. - Jujubee. Con-drag-ulations, you are the top all star of the week. (all clapping) - Thank you. - Yeah. I've been waiting a really long time to win something. Thank you. You want a carrot? (all laughing) - I do value your friendship and I felt like my friendship with you was kind of compromised and that's what frustrated me. - Yeah. Yeah. I would rather compete with you as a friend, honestly. - Like I would rather help each other get to the top and have RuPaul choose. - It's like a Juju sandwich with two pieces of white bread. I'm aroused. - Who knows, you know? In this competition, there's a lot that goes on. We may have other moments where we're frustrated with each other. - Oh, I hope you do because it'sso hot. (all laughing) - All right, all right. - Guys, I want to get to the challenge. - I do too. - We ain't got time for this but I'm very intrigued because I want to see how this goes down. Dun, dun, dun. Excuse me. Excuse me. - Oh! - We just got out of jail. Thank you. (Blair sobbing) Honey, it's all right, it's all right. We spent 24 full hours. 24. - That's how long it was? - Yes, you were asleep, sweetheart. - I'm SheMZ, tell me all about it. - We know, we watch you all the time. - Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you. - I was sitting in bed reading my stories, doing her nails and then the police break in. - It was terrible! We were in there, there was overhead lighting! - Oh! - How dare you! - Jujubee, Jujubee, why did you bribe Miz Cracker to get your daughter into Drag-U? - Because Drag-U was the most prestigious college out there. And I want my daughter to succeed. I think she is the next drag superstar. - Let go of me, Mother! I didn't even want to go to Drag-U. - Blair, can I just say, I follow you on Instagram. - Oh my God, do you really, girl? - I do. - Thank you. - I'd let that Blair St. Clair influence me any day. #Fiiine! (all yelling) You know what I mean. - Oh, I think I just said I was in a gang. - If I'm going down, you're going down. - I have gone down. I know you're going down too if we play our cards right. - What? - I'm wearing the butterfly ring you gave me. - Oh please, let your butterfly flap a little more for me, love. All you have to do is tell these reporters there is absolutely nothing going on with us. - Wait, what, Mom? - I love you, but I can't. - Ooh! - Ooh! - Juicy! - She's hot too. - I know our friendship has been over more bumps than your foundation stick, but it's time for us to stick to together. Tell SheMZ that I am innocent. - No, I have proof. It's in my pocket book! - I want to see it, I want to see it. - Do you wanna see? (laughing) - Wait, is that Blair's face on Laganja Estranja's body? Perhaps, possibly, maybe. - All this proves is that I taught her the key elements of drag: charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and also Photoshop. There is nothing wrong with that in this era. - Here's a clap for your performance. - Miz Cracker. (dramatic music) Con-drag-ulations. You are the top all star of the week. (upbeat music) (all clapping) - Thank you, all. - [Michelle] From the heart of Hollywood, it's time to play Snatch Game of Love. And here's the snatch maker himself, RuPaul. (audience cheering) - Welcome. Love is in the air. So let's meet our celebrity snatchelorettes. First up, Oscar, Grammy, Golden Globe winner, Lady Gaga. (audience applauding) - Hello, Ru. You know, there could be 100 people in a room and maybe 99 of them don't believe in you, but one of them has $100,000 to give away so I'm happy to be here. - Okay. Up next, it's the legendary astrologer, Walter Mercado. - Thank you, divine, for having me. - Now do you see love in your future? - I see many big things in my future. - Oh, really, like what? - One of them is not love. (RuPaul laughing) - And next, we have makeup mogul Jeffree Star is here. - Hi, how are ya? - Now, Jeffree, I wanna know. What's the foundation for a healthy relationship? - Oh, baby, the foundation is all body fluids. - All body fluids? - It's a really strong foundation. (audience applauding) - All right. Originally from the ATL, our first snatchelor is a real peach. Welcome, Tommy Dorfman. (audience applauding) (upbeat music) (RuPaul laughing) Hi, Tommy. - Hi, Ru. - Look at that outfit. That is so gorgeous. - Thank you. - Tommy, are you feeling the love? - Primarily from my gut down. - Oh, from your gut down. That's a good sign. - But it might be because the belt is cutting off my circulation. (RuPaul laughing) Contestant number two. - Mm-hmm. - Women are jealous of my blank. - Women are always jealous about my sixth sense, because I can predict the future, and I can see the present. I bet you you have a belt right now. (all laughing) - Wow, that's uncanny! - That is unbelievable. - Incredible. - Contestant number two, based on what contestant number one is wearing right now, what would their fashion line be called? - Well, I'm looking here, and I think the fashion line could be called A Star is Born Into Poverty. - It was my question, dumb bitch. (all laughing) But you didn't see that one coming! I did. - Well, do you wanna answer? - Yes. It looks like purple toilet paper. That's all. (upbeat music) - Welcome back to the Snatch Game of Love. Let's meet our next batch of celebrity snatchelorettes. First up, it's America's sweetheart, Ellen DeGeneres. - How are you, Ru? - All right, she's back, back, back again. It's the legendary Eartha Kitt. (audience applauding) (Eartha purring) - Hello, kitty girl. - Yes. Now, Eartha, does love have nine lives? - Love has many lives like cats. - Yes. - And I know Ellen likes pussy too. (all laughing) - The godfather of reality dating shows, it's Flavor Flav. - Flavor Flav! What's up, my boy Ru? - Hey, Flav. - I'm so excited to be here, I'm on cloud nine. I feel like my feet can't touch the floor. Look at 'em. (RuPaul laughing) - RuPaul, she scares me. Is it she? - Gender is a construct, man. Tear it apart. I'm stranger than fiction, but better than art! You know what I'm saying? (RuPaul laughing) Woo! - Oh, this is gonna be good. - Our next snatchelor hails from the Great White North, but why it gotta be white? Please welcome Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman. (upbeat music) (audience applauding) Hi, Jeffrey. - Hi, it's been awhile. You look good. - Thank you. So you're single again I see. - Looking for love. - Wait, wait a minute. (suspenseful music) Is that the shirt I bought you? - It still smells like you. (record scratching) (Ru exhales) - Okay. Let's play the Snatch Game of Love. - All right, let's do this. Contestant number one, finish this sentence. When people meet me, the first thing they notice is blank. - I'm gay! (Ru laughing) And you know, it's working out for me now. No complaints and not many symptoms these days. - Alright, contestant number two, same question. - The first thing somebody notices about me is my big, wet smile. (Ru laughing) - Ooh. (Eartha purrs) - Contestant number three. - What they normally notice is my big, fat, 14-inch clock. You know what time it is? No, really, I'm asking. My clock's been stuck on 4:20 since 1985. (all laughing) Woo! (Eartha purring) - Contestant number two, I'm originally from Canada, so if we went up there for a winter visit, how would you keep me warm at night? - I would sensually walk to the thermostat (all laughing) and turn up the thermostat to a sensible 74. (Ru laughing) (Eartha purring) - I need a woman like you in my life. If this (beep) don't work out, we should bang in the parking lot. (all laughing) - Juju and Shea are doing so great, I should feel terrible. But I'm laughing too hard to worry about that. This is a masterpiece. - Contestant number three, same question. - The best way to keep warm is to pile in a bed with six other bitches. And by bitches, I mean teacup Pomeranians. Them dogs are so cute. (all laughing) They're all fuzzy and (beep). - Category is Prom Queen Fantasy. First up, Miz Cracker. - [Michelle] She's a Proactiv drag queen. (all laughing) - [Miz Cracker] In my prom dress with my acne, I am everything that I wanna be: funny, pretty, stupid. - [Ross] Be right back-ne. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Jujubee. - Betsey Johnson fantasy. - Oh! - [Jujubee] My prom queen fantasy look is giving you 80s. I'm giving you crimped hair, don't care. Yes, mama. - [RuPaul] Don't crimp her style. (all laughing) Shea Coulee. Everything's coming down roses. (all laughing) - [Shea] I'm serving you Carrie meets my season nine elimination. There is a crown that is pouring out this cascade of rose petals, and I am living. - But she's still got a rosy outlook. - She does, she does. Shea Coulee, (dramatic music) con-drag-ulations. You are the top all star of the week. (upbeat music) - Oh, my God. (all clapping) Thank you guys so much. - Ruveal yourself! (all cheering and laughing) (upbeat music) - You're damn right! - Vanessa Vanjie Mateo. Welcome. - Thank you! - Two queens stand before me. (dramatic music) Shea. This is your chance to impress me, win $10,000 and earn the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop. The time has come to lip sync for your legacy! Good luck and don't (beep) it up. (upbeat music) ♪ I see you on the street and you walk on by ♪ ♪ You make me wanna hang my head down and cry ♪ ♪ If you gave me half a chance you'd see ♪ ♪ My desire burning inside of me ♪ ♪ But you choose to look the other way ♪ ♪ I've had to work much harder than this ♪ ♪ For something I want, don't try to resist me ♪ ♪ Open your heart to me, baby ♪ ♪ I hold the lock and you hold the key ♪ ♪ Open your heart to me, darlin' ♪ ♪ I'll give you love if you, you turn the key ♪ ♪ Don't try to run I can keep up with you ♪ ♪ Nothing can stop me from trying, you've got to ♪ ♪ Open your heart to me, baby ♪ - Shea goes hard. Splits kicks, slams it. What are you doing, Shea, bitch? ♪ You hold the key ♪ ♪ Open your heart to me, darlin' ♪ ♪ I'll give you love if you, you turn the key ♪ ♪ Open your heart, I'll make you love me ♪ (all cheering) - Wow! (laughing) (dramatic music) Ladies, I've made my decision. Shea Coulee, con-drag-ulations. You're a winner, baby. (all clapping) - Today's maxi-challenge is the Charles backyard ball. You know what? I am so confident in this challenge. I'm, ooh, I'm gonna take this. Bitch, I am lying 'cause I'm scared. I am going to poop myself, because this is terrifying. That's the honest truth. This is hard. This is hard. I hate this challenge. - This other side is the right side of it. And then you have all these- - Well, how do you know that it's the right side and the wrong side? - See how you can see those, like, lines running through it from where it's been woven? You're kind of seeing all that and how it's smooth on this side? - Yes. - And can you tell this is the right side. When you look over at cute little Jujubee, and, like, "Help me, "I am just not the kind of person that can be like, "No, bitch, this is a competition." Like, of course I'm gonna help her. I know that you're not necessarily trained in sewing and building costumes. But the same type of, like, energy and creativity that you apply to your performances, apply to this. - Thank you. - You got it. (upbeat music) - Don't do this to me! Girl, that moment when the material you chose is not going through the machine. - What's T? - It's just I'm having to figure out how this material is gonna go through the machine, because she's giving me a little trouble right now. - Tension is tight, so you might wanna loosen this up. - Okay. - And then your length is super short. So that's also making it- - Right. - So maybe like two and a half, three. - Yeah, okay. - Will probably help that. - Shea. - Yes? - You never told a lie. - Never told a lie. - It's working perfectly. - Bam. (upbeat music) (RuPaul laughing) - Get it, girl. Well, hey sis. - Hi. - Hey. Y'all remember back in the day when I performed in drag at the Charles family reunion? - Absolutely. (both laughing) - Well, this is the remix. Y'all know who this is. (woman laughing) Category is Country Cousin Realness. (laughing) (horse neighing) (all laughing) Up first, Miz Cracker. - [Miz Cracker] Hello! I'm RuPaul's second cousin twice removed by court order. I'm joking, mostly. My name is Jocelyn Opal Rose, but the family just calls me "She's got a lotta nerve showing her face around here after all these years." (RuPaul laughing) Ooh, for the backyard fish fry, I brought my world-famous "things I could find at the gas station." Today I'm planning to spill a little secret. My doctor told me that Ru isn't just my second cousin, she's my perfect match, and I could really use a kidney right now. (coughing) (laughing) - [Michelle] Stevie Hick. - [RuPaul] Jujubee. - [Jujubee] Sorry I'm late. I didn't wanna come. (laughing) (all laughing) I'm RuPaul's Asian bestie, 'cause once you go Asian, that's all you be cravin'. My name is Ping, but everybody in my family calls me Amber. (all laughing) I hope you like my outfit. For the backyard fish fry, I brought my famous potato salad with raisins, which I made with potatoes and raisins and my secret ingredient: MSG. Mm. Today I'm planning on spilling a family secret. RuPaul isn't just my bestie, she's my psychological mommy dearest. (laughing) Bye. - [Carson] She has hat it. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Shea Coulee. - [Shea] Okay, y'all! It's me, Ru Paul's baby niece, Sheaquita, but everybody calls me Lil Ki-Ki. I'm wearing a one-of-a-kind airbrushed T-shirt by my cousin Pookie in loving memory of my Big Mama. Today I was running a little bit late. so all I was able to bring was the bag of "She already done had her chips." That was in my glove compartment. But my family secret is that not only is RuPaul my great auntie, but she also my best friend. For real, though, Auntie Ru. Now, make sure y'all save me some potato salad, 'cause I'm gonna be right back. - [Carson] Well, she left the tags on this. - [Michelle] She did. - [RuPaul] First, Miz Cracker. Good girl gone badminton. (all laughing) - [Carson] Hey, what's all the racquet? - Ladies, I am ready to serve. I'm bringing Fifth Avenue to the backyard, and I'm bringing it to you with a fascinator made out of a racquet and a wiffleball. I have wiffleball earrings, I have a shuttlecock on my throat, I have a shuttlecock on my shoes, and I have a shuttlecock under my skirt. - [RuPaul] You know, it's strange to see her alone. She's usually with a net. - [Michelle] Oh, my God. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Jujubee. - [Carson] Look at the melons on her! - [Michelle] Now, do you spit or swallow? Oh, the seeds, the seeds, guys! - [RuPaul] The seeds, the seeds. - [Jujubee] Ooh, girl, I am giving you the only Laffy Taffy Miss Taffy USA mama. Mm. (clicks tongue) I'm wearing watermelons, my favorite fruit. My hair is just absolutely perfect and coiffed. Nobody's touching this. I'm the watermelon lady. - [Michelle] She's got a peel. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Shea Coulee. - [Bebe] Oh, marry. - [RuPaul] Who invited Grace Jones to the picnic? - [Michelle] Here comes the bride all dressed in assless chaps. - [Shea] I am serving you backyard bridal realness. I've got my jumpsuit with my chaps, I have my beautiful mosquito net veil, and all my family and friends are here to see me tie the knot. - [Carson] She's putting the "ass" back in "Kansas." (all laughing) (dramatic music) - Miz Cracker. Con-drag-ulations. You're the top all star of the week. (upbeat music) (all clapping) - Oh my goodness! Hello! My name is Miz Cracker and I am so happy to see people. I don't know if you know this but if you are a drag race contestant they do not let you socialize, like at all. They say, this is like the Olympics of drag. No, this is like Gay-tanamo Bay. Whoops. (audience laughing) Please help me. I am a new Yorker, but like not in a mean way. I am a Jew. So I get to say it that way. You do not. (audience laughing) But most importantly, I am a drag queen. I've been telling these girls from the beginning, like let's just be nice to each other tonight. But I guess I'm like Shea Coulee's music because nobody listens to me. You know what I'm saying? (audience laughing) There's this stereotype that drag queens have to be like beautiful in their makeup and glamorous and everything, but that is not necessarily true. Look at Juju. Okay. Look at her. What was I saying? Oh right. Humility and love. That's where it was. (audience laughing) Also I'm against body shaming completely because I was a chubby kid and I know what body shaming can do to a person. You know? It works! Yeah! (audience laughing) Ow, ow, opulence! Everything you see is on sale! Yeah! Oh! Thank you everybody so much. (audience applauding) I appreciate you so much. - Hi, everybody. How are you doing tonight? (audience cheering) Oh, come on. You guys can do better than that. You had Miz Crackers entire set to take a nap. (audience laughing) Come on, so how are you doing tonight? (audience cheering and clapping) Oh, that's so much better. Ladies and gentlemen, we've got the lovely Ms. Blair St. Clair here. And you guys, I don't want to ruin too much but she had a bit of a rough week last week. She failed her driver's test. (audience laughing) Miz Cracker, make some noise for her. (audience applauding) I love her. She's just, she's just so animated, larger than life. It's like she's a living, breathing puppet. You know, she's got this big head and he's tiny little feet and only becomes animated when you put your fist in her. (audience laughing) Yeah. Yeah. Has anyone in here ever been robbed before? Well, I have and no, I'm not talking about the finale of season nine, but for real, you know, it's been quite an interesting journey for me. I've been going to therapy and for the longest time I thought that therapy was just for white people with money, and I was wrong. It is also for black people with money. (audience laughing) But it's kind of embarrassing to tell your therapist that rose petals are one of your triggers, you know? For real, like rose pedals have been following me around for the past three years like I'm James Earl Jones in "Coming to America." (audience laughing) The only difference, he had a crown. (audience laughing) Thank you so much. That's all the time I have for today. (audience applauding) - Category is Freak Out. Let your freak flag fly. First up, Jujubee. - [Michelle] Oh my God, you guys, we found the missing link. (all laughing) - She's definitely got a point. - [RuPaul] Yes, she does. - [Jujubee] This look has a broken heart, but it's healing. And when I take the mask off, you see there's still emotion behind this monster. And these shoes are 10 inches and I can only take seven on a good day. - She has such a checkered past and present. (all laughing) - Jester? I barely know her. (all laughing) I do declare, Blair St. Clair. - [Michelle] Somebody's getting some tail tonight. (all laughing) - [Ross] You guys, she's spotting. (all laughing) - [Blair] I'm giving you feline cat fantasy meets the Blair St. Clair experience. I have a Velcro harness on, and who does not want a tail? This is my Alice in Wonderland Cheshire Cat on acid. Purr-fect for a party rave. - This is what my cat thinks it looks like. (all laughing) - No Dalmatians or Muppets were harmed in the making of this costume. - [RuPaul] Miz Cracker. - [Michelle] What is she crowing about? (all laughing) - [Ross] Edgar Allen Ho. (all laughing) - [Miz Cracker] My look today is a post-apocalyptic steampunk death mask, and underneath is this very sexy woman who's here to seduce anyone that sees her. - [Ross] I've heard of a scarecrow. This is a Cher-crow. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Schnap out of it! - [Michelle] Do you believe in the apocalypse? (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Shea Coulee. - [Michelle] Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, the Gay Years. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Scam money don't make money, but freak money do. - I'm serving you some 90s raver realness. Hand-dyed Mongolian lamb coat, my beautiful bondage Cookie Monster platform shoes, my pupils are real huge, and I'm just dancing to the music, having a good-ass time. - [Ross] She is schooling the kids with those pupils. (all laughing) - The heels have eyes. (all laughing) (dramatic music) - Miz Cracker. Con-drag-ulations. You're the top all star of the week. (upbeat music) (all clapping) (dramatic music) ♪ We ♪ ♪ Clap back ♪ ♪ When the haters ♪ ♪ Attack ♪ ♪ Hey, ladies ♪ ♪ Clap back, get your girls ♪ ♪ Side by side, don't you hold it in ♪ ♪ Clap back, speak your mind ♪ ♪ Say it twice so they don't forget ♪ ♪ Clap back, when they talk to you like that ♪ ♪ Don't just sit and take it, ♪ ♪ Just get right up in their face and ♪ ♪ Clap back, uh, uh ♪ ♪ Clap back, uh, woo ♪ ♪ Girl, it's me, Jujubee ♪ ♪ Your best friend until you act whack ♪ ♪ Fresh and sweet, I'm the queen ♪ ♪ Come out your mouth and I'll attack ♪ ♪ Try to keep it cute, but it's true ♪ ♪ I'm the queen who will clap back ♪ ♪ Bitches wanna talk about me ♪ ♪ All right ♪ ♪ I got my girls with me tonight ♪ ♪ Don't think you can ♪ ♪ Say that crazy sh to me ♪ ♪ You know I'll defendant-ly ♪ ♪ Clap back, get your girls ♪ ♪ Side by side, don't you hold it in ♪ ♪ Clap back, speak your mind ♪ ♪ Say it twice so they don't forget ♪ ♪ Clap back, when they talk to you like that ♪ ♪ Don't just sit and take it ♪ ♪ Just get right up in their face and ♪ ♪ Clap back, uh, uh ♪ ♪ Clap back, uh, woo ♪ ♪ Makin' haters eat it like "time for dinner" ♪ ♪ Mad 'cause your man wants an all stars winner ♪ ♪ The Jew you passed over is the chosen lady ♪ ♪ Shvitzing on a track with Juju and Shea-dy ♪ ♪ Huh ♪ ♪ Where are the jokes ♪ ♪ The joke is that you coming for my girls when you broke ♪ ♪ To all the fans who love us, you're what we live for ♪ ♪ See you on the clap back world tour ♪ ♪ Don't think you can ♪ ♪ Say that crazy sh to me ♪ ♪ You know I'll defendant-ly ♪ ♪ Clap back, get your girls ♪ ♪ Side by side, don't you hold it in ♪ ♪ Clap back, speak your mind ♪ ♪ Say it twice so they don't forget ♪ ♪ Clap back, when they talk to you like that ♪ ♪ Don't just sit and take it ♪ ♪ Just get right up in their face and ♪ ♪ Clap back, uh, uh ♪ ♪ Clap back, uh, woo ♪ ♪ Better be careful how you talk to me ♪ ♪ There's no mistaking that I'm the queen ♪ ♪ Fall in line, you don't want me to come for you ♪ ♪ Ask your homegirl 'cause she got dragged too ♪ ♪ Trolling on me ♪ ♪ Better back down ♪ ♪ Want the truth ♪ ♪ You better sit down ♪ ♪ Give the clap back heard across the world ♪ ♪ Need a good reading, then I'm your girl ♪ ♪ Don't think you can ♪ ♪ Say that crazy sh to me ♪ ♪ You know I'll defendant-ly ♪ ♪ Clap back, get your girls ♪ ♪ Side by side, don't you hold it in ♪ ♪ Clap back, speak your mind ♪ ♪ Say it twice so they don't forget ♪ ♪ Clap back, when they talk to you like that ♪ ♪ Don't just sit and take it ♪ ♪ Just get right up in their face and ♪ ♪ Clap back, uh, uh ♪ ♪ Clap back, uh, woo ♪ ♪ We ♪ ♪ Clap back ♪ ♪ When the haters attack ♪ ♪ Ladies, ladies, ladies ♪ ♪ Ladies, ladies, ladies ♪ ♪ Ladies, ladies, ladies ♪ ♪ Ladies, ladies ♪ ♪ Clap back, get your girls ♪ ♪ Side by side, don't you hold it in ♪ ♪ Clap back, speak your mind ♪ ♪ Say it twice so they don't forget ♪ ♪ Clap back, when they talk to you like that ♪ ♪ Don't just sit and take it ♪ ♪ Just get right up in their face and ♪ ♪ Clap back, uh, uh ♪ ♪ Clap back, uh, woo ♪ ♪ Say what ♪ ♪ Clap back ♪ (Ru laughing) (audience applauding) - Oh, wow! - Wow! (upbeat music) - [RuPaul] Jujubee. Oh my goodness. That's gorgeous! - [Ross] Too much, so good. - [Jujubee] I am giving you the most superhero, super-power driven, enlightened version of Jujubee. She came down from the sky. She is a goddess, and she needs no wig because she's wearing the sun. - [RuPaul] Stop relying on that Buddha! (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Miz Cracker. - [Carson] Holy mother of pearl. - [Ross] You know, this new pope really is progressive. - [Miz Cracker] Today I'm giving you pink and fancy. I have all these pearls dangling off of my headpiece. I'm trying to give the story of a beautiful heritage: mine. - [Michelle] Mollusks are a girl's best friend. - [Carson] She really came out of her shell. - Finally. - Yes, she did. Shea Coulee. Nobody told me Babe Paley would be here. - [Ross] Ooh! - [Shea] I'm serving you 1960s Balenciaga realness. I've got my big bow on the back, my tall, tall beehive. I feel like a princess. All I need is a crown. - [RuPaul] We're gonna need a bigger bow. (all laughing) - That was the best like runway ever. That was- - That was amazing. - Amazing. Yeah. - Perfection. (dramatic music) - Jujubee. Miz cracker Shea Coulee. I'd like to see all three of you lip sync for your legacy. (dramatic music) (judges clapping) Three top all stars stand before me. (dramatic music) Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me, win $100,000, plus a crown and scepter from Fierce! Drag Jewels, and earn your place in the Drag Race All Stars Hall of Fame. The time has come for you to lip-sync for the crown. - I have the chance to win and take the crown. I am going to lip sync my ass off. - Crouching tiger, hidden drag queen. I'm about to cut this bitch up. - Ma'am, the crown is right there. I am feet away. There is no way I'm going to let this slip through my fingers. Not a second time. - Good luck. And don't (beep) it up. (upbeat music) - Ladies, the time has come to crown our queen. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, the next queen to be inducted into the Drag Race Hall of Fame is (suspenseful music) Shea Coulee. (all applauding) You're a winner, baby. ♪ Greatest of them all ♪ ♪ You're a champion, never gonna fall ♪ ♪ You're a champion still standing tall ♪ ♪ You're a champion and you'll always be a hero ♪ - Ah! Oh, my God! Yes, bitch! Two time's the charm. I am the winner of All Stars 5, bitch. Eat it. Aow! - My queen! (laughing) (all applauding and cheering) Con-drag-ulations! Oh, my goodness, this scepter is a lot heavier than I thought. But that's okay, because I look sickening, no? - My queen, is there anything you'd like to say? - My name is Shea Coulee, and I didn't come to slay. I came to win! (all applauding) - Now, remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an "amen" up in here? - [All] Amen! - Now prance, my queen! ♪ You're a champion, greatest of them all ♪ ♪ You're a champion, never gonna fall ♪ - Oh, wow. If my dad could see me now, he would be, like, "That's my son." (all cheering) What this competition has given to me this time (sobbing) is far more valuable than $100.000. Because I feel like I've got my joy back. - Yes! Now let the music play! ​​- Our Queens were challenged to design Pride floats. Now they're ready to parade them down the runway. Are you ready to see their true colors? - Hell yeah! - Yes! - Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win! Yara Sofia. Oh, my goodness. - [Panelists] Ooh! Wow. (Michelle Visage speaks French) - [RuPaul] Something wicked this way comes. - [Yara Sofia] I'm bringing head horns, the cape, and I take it off. - [RuPaul] (gasps) Look at that body. - [Michelle Visage] She says, Carmen Carrera, you're not the only one! Hunty. - [RuPaul] Yes. Drive this. Manila Luzon. - [Panelists] Oh! - [RuPaul] Is that a bomb? Everybody down! (panelists yell) - [Manila Luzon] I'm just swaying my hips and smiling and showing off my purse, and having a gay old time. - [Billy B] Did you Tina Knowles a real pineapple? - [RuPaul] Honey, it's a TKO. (panelists laugh) - [Billy B] You better work. - [RuPaul] Tina Knowles original. Last, but not least, Raja. - [Panelists] Oh! - [Billy B] It's fashion week. - [RuPaul] Yes, it is! - [Billy B] Oh, yes. - [Raja] I'm really, really inspired by things rococo, Marie Antoinette, all things sort of French. - [RuPaul] Let them eat cake! - [Billy B] Anna Wintour will run that in the spring issue. - [Michelle Visage] Even Gotye, remember he did that? - [RuPaul] We've got our cover. - [Billy B] For sure. - [RuPaul] Yeah. Up first, Laganja Estranja. - [Michelle Visage] That's where my hair went. - [RuPaul] Uh huh. - [Laganja Estranja] I am serving a lizard called Laganja. Mama, y'all can't take it. - [RuPaul] Peek-a-Ru, I can see your Blackberry! (Michelle Visage laughs) - [Leah Remini] Very "I Dream of Jeannie." - [RuPaul] Oh yes. Adore Delano. - [Lainie Kazan] Cruella Delano. - [RuPaul] Yes! - [Adore Delano] This is how I look. This is how I work my body. And I'm serving them dead doll realness. - [RuPaul] You know, there is two sides to every story. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [Michelle Visage] It ain't all just black and white. There is a gray area. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Blame it on Bianca Del Rio. - [Lainie Kazan] Oh, that's so romantic. - [RuPaul] Ooh, there it is. - [Bianca Del Rio] I am serving up skunk Cinderella realness. This is my element. I like a good ball gown and my shit ain't from off the rack. - [RuPaul] It's very drag inauguration ball. - [Michelle Visage] It is! - [RuPaul] That is quite an impressive tool, I might add. (Michelle Visage chuckles) Up next, Trinity K. Bonet. - [Panelists] Ooh! - [RuPaul] You look like dominoes. - [Michelle Visage] Totally. (Michelle Visage cackles) - [RuPaul] Yes, honey, she will deliver in 30 minutes or your pizza is free! - [Michelle Visage] Whoa. (Santino Rice laughs) - [Trinity K. Bonet] I look absolutely fabulous. I am serving you Jack of all trades, night at the casino fish. - [Michelle Visage] She's rolling snake eyes. - [RuPaul] Domino-she-better-do! ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ - BenDeLaCreme. - [Leah Remini] Oh my goodness, look at those tititas. - [RuPaul] Now that's an hourglass figure. - [BenDeLaCreme] I'm serving some evil queen. I'm feeling the fantasy! - [RuPaul] I don't know what it is around her neck, but if it snows tonight, it's going on my tires. (Michelle Visage laughs) - Darienne Lake. - [Santino Rice] Wow! - [Michelle Visage] Mm. - [RuPaul] I own 51% of this company. - [Darienne Lake] I'm serving you black and white pageant eleganza. I want your eyes to cross. - [Lainie Kazan] That's a bazoom. - [RuPaul] Darienne Lake, jump right in. Don't forget your motorboat! (RuPaul imitates motorboat) (Michelle Visage laughs) Courtney Act. Oh my goodness! - [Panelists] Wow. - [Santino Rice] Talk about serving fish. - [RuPaul] Yeah, honey, she's serving rainbow trout. - [Michelle Visage] Uh huh. - [Santino Rice] Klaus Nomi Malone. - [RuPaul] Yeah (chuckles). - [Courtney Act] I've got my fish on the platter. I am serving it to those judges. It's all come together, and I feel like I've got it right. - [RuPaul] The invitation said black tie only. Didn't say anything about pants, though. - [Michelle Visage] No! (Santino Rice laughs) - [RuPaul] BenDeLaCreme! Ooh. - [Santino Rice] Oh! - [RuPaul] Waiter, there's a fly on my runway! - [Georgia Holt] Be afraid. - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Georgia Holt] Be very afraid. - [Michelle Visage] Yes! - [BenDeLaCreme] I'm just buzzing down the runway, Feeling the fantasy! - [Paula Abdul] She's got some fly choreography. - [RuPaul] Yeah, she's a fly girl. She buggin'. Next up, Bianca Del Rio, cheetah girl. - [Michelle Visage] Can a queen really change her spots? - [Bianca Del Rio] You know the saying, big cats are dangerous, but a little never pussy never hurt anybody. - [RuPaul] That is some Pointer Sisters' hair right there. - [Michelle Visage] She's so excited. Next up, Jocelyn Fox. She's a red fox. - [Michelle Visage] She's a cock! - [RuPaul] Yes she is. - [Panelists] Oh! - [Jocelyn Fox] I've got my talent and my feathers, and I'm showing off some skin, and I'm feeling really good about it. - [RuPaul] I think it's some kind of jungle pussy cat. (Michelle Visage laughs) From Atlanta, Georgia, Trinity K. Bonet. The phoenix. - [Michelle Visage] She's awfully plucked tonight! - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Trinity K. Bonet] I am giving you birds of a feather flock together realness. And I look absolutely fabulous. - [RuPaul] Dressed to quill. You better sissy that squawk. (panelists giggle) Next up, Courtney Act. - [Santino Rice] Ooh. - [RuPaul] Oh my goodness, heaven must be missing an angel. Wow. - [Paula Abdul] Look at the size of those wings! - [RuPaul] Yes, prepare for takeoff. - [Courtney Act] I'm giving some regal eagle. I want to see this on blogs! I want to see this on Facebook! Ain't nobody gonna top this (beeps). - I think I've died and gone to heaven. - [Michelle Visage] Uh huh. - [RuPaul] Yeah. Baby, these girls are giving production value. - [Michelle Visage] Okay? (Santino Rice laughs) (cameras clicking) - Oh, why do fashion shows always start so late? Oh, oh, wait a minute, it's starting. Serving spring glamor, Ginger Minj. - [Ginger Minj] I gotta march the runway in front of Michelle Visage and RuPaul and Carson Kressley. - I think I can see her tool. (panelists laugh) - [Ginger Minj] But I know that I can excel at anything I put my mind to. - [RuPaul] Max. - [Michelle Visage] Yes, darling, sell the garment. - I'm making sure that I'm delivering, and I get to fully portray the character. - I've had pelvic exams more thrilling than this. - [RuPaul] Jaidynn Diore Fierce. - [Carson Kressley] It's very Apollonia. Apollonia 6. And seven, and eight, and nine. All of them. - [RuPaul] Katya. Oh. - [Carson Kressley] I do love a onesie for spring. - [Michelle Visage] Mm hmm. - [RuPaul] Yes. - Excellent use of the cape. - [RuPaul] Yes. - How dull. - [RuPaul] Trixie Mattel. - [Michelle Visage] We finally know what happened to Baby Jane! - My family's Native American. We grew up very, very poor. But Trixie, she has it all. The biggest problem in her life is what to wear the next day. - [RuPaul] Miss Fame! - [Carson Kressley] I would read her, but she's red all over. - My strongest suit is modeling. Ideally that will carry me to get that crown. - I see a red bottom and it's not a shoe. - [Miss Fame] I'm giving you just a gag-worthy moment. - Jasmine Masters. No jacket required. - Jasmine Masters is bright as summer. I am here. H-E-R-E, bitch. I'm here! - [Carson Kressley] Simple midriff, it's tasteful. - [RuPaul] Violet Chachki - [Michelle Visage] Oh dear, she has a toothache! - [Carson Kressley] I think I can see her spleen. - [RuPaul] Spleens are very in this year. - [Michelle Visage] They are. - [Carson Kressley] Spleens are the new orange. - [RuPaul] Yeah, they really are. Kennedy Davenport. Niecy Nash. - I'm old school and a touch of new school. Everything is bigger in Texas and I fit right on in, honey. - [Michelle Visage] All she needs is a casserole. - But not tuna. Let's see what they're serving for fall. Ginger Minj. - Ginger Minj is a plus-size diva. She always wants to look neat, petite, and ready to eat. - [RuPaul] She's like the editor of a magazine. - [Carson Kressley] Yeah, "Popular Wildlife." - It's so hideous, I think I'll put it on the cover. - [RuPaul] Max. - [Carson Kressley] We're having Jil Sander flashbacks. - Yes, right? - And I like it. - [RuPaul] Very Tilda Swinton. - [Carson Kressley] Very. - [RuPaul] Jaidynn Diore Fierce. I see Chaka Khan. - [Carson Kressley] She's every woman. - [Michelle Visage] Through the fire. - This is definitely a signature Jaidynn Diore Fierce look. I'm the other, other, other Tyra. - [RuPaul] Katya. - [Carson Kressley] Fur is back. - [RuPaul] Yes, fur is back. - I'm giving you a dead animal, camouflage, "Duck Dynasty" realness. Pamela Anderson, I'm so sorry. - [RuPaul] Oh my God, she killed it. She killed, I mean, she really killed it. - [Michelle Visage] Literally. - [RuPaul] Trixie Mattel. - [Carson Kressley] The handbag matches the shoulder. - [Michelle Visage] Is that a sequence dress? - That is a sequins dress. - [Michelle Visage] Yes. It's like two pigs fighting under a blanket back there. - [RuPaul] Miss Fame! Wow. Golden lady. - [Carson Kressley] It's not lame, it's lamé. - [RuPaul] Yes. (Michelle Visage chuckles) - [Carson Kressley] I do like the fascinator. - [RuPaul] I'm fascinated by fascinators. - I am too, I could talk about them for days! - [RuPaul] Jasmine Masters. Wow. Purple rain. - Jasmine is in her purple trench coat, wear her black fur, well, not really fur (laughs). Just a little carpet I straightened out (laughs). - [RuPaul] Violet Chachki. - [Carson Kressley] Looking smart in tartan. - [Michelle Visage] Getting a reveal. - [Panelists] Oh, oh! - [RuPaul] Bay City Roller. - I'm giving you tartan eleganza. Being able to serve two looks in one is a talent. - It's okay. - [RuPaul] Kennedy Davenport. Yes, she's going back to her roots. - [Michelle Visage] All that green. - [RuPaul] She's sort of a sexy choir master. - [Carson Kressley] Yes! - [Michelle Visage] That's exactly what I was thinking! (dance music) - Category is Autobiographical Eleganza Extravaganza! First up, Kim Chi. - [Kim Chi] Kim Chi has finally blossomed into the floral centerpiece. And now, she's not afraid to showcase who she really is. Avant-garde and unpredictable, come experience her ever-blossoming beauty. - [Michelle Visage] She's making it easy to read her, honey. (panelists laugh) - [David Sedaris] She needs to edit the outfit. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Naomi Smalls. - [Naomi Smalls] As Naomi smalls, I was blessed with two legs and a heart, and I'm not afraid to show them to the world. (Michelle Visage laughs) What you see now is the embodiment of everything I've ever wanted to be. - Cher. (panelists laugh) - [David Sedaris] Isn't she filing for chapter 11? (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Bob The Drag Queen. Not to be confused with Bob The Librarian. - [Bob The Drag Queen] It's not about being the prettiest, or wearing the best dress. It's about taking huge risks, learning from your mistakes, and taking advice from people who've done it already. Look, I may make waves, I may rock the boat, but damn it, we're going to make it to shore. (RuPaul laughs) - [Amy Sedaris] Hope you like short stories! (RuPaul laughs) - [David Sedaris] She has a spastic semicolon. - [RuPaul] Is that what that is? (panelists laugh) Derrick Barry. - [Panelists] Oh! - [Derrick Barry] In 2003, Halloween brought out the drag in me. For the first time, I dressed as Britney Spears. It introduced me to the bright lights of Las Vegas, which unleashed my inner showgirl on stages all around the world, coming to a theater near you. (RuPaul laughs) - [Michelle Visage] That's glossy right there. - She tore a page from my book, and she's wearing it! (Amy Sedaris laughs) Several pages! (Michelle Visage cackles) Chi Chi DeVayne. - [Chi Chi DeVayne] I'm Chi Chi DeVayne, and I've always been a queen who uses what she has, whether it be paper or plastic trash bags. (RuPaul laughs) So look out girls, here comes a little country queen with dreams of ruling the world. - [Amy Sedaris] Paper shredder. - [Michelle Visage] Shredding that runway. - [RuPaul] Have you shred any good books lately? (panelists laugh) - Category is Miami Summer Realness. Our first, Mayhem Miller. - [Ross Matthews] Miami is ice, so I'll say it thrice. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [Mayhem Miller] I look like a glacial goddess. I am glamorous. I am sparkling. I am the queen of the North Pole. - [Michelle Visage] Take that, Elsa. Let it go. (panelists chuckle) - [RuPaul] Eureka. - [Michelle Visage] Oh, I didn't know Eureka was from the hood. (panelists laugh) - [Eureka] I have the very Eskimo-style, Yeti, ski, fish realness, and I'm serving sex puss glamor. - [Michelle Visage] It's so cold, I'm going to go put on a leotard. Forecast calls for snow you better don't! (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Monét X Change. - [Panelists] Oh! - [Michelle Visage] Somebody needs a breath mint. (panelists laugh) Oh, she's a grower! (panelists laugh) - [Monét X Change] I think I look elegant. I look rich. I look very sexy. I have a slit all the way up to my pudanda. I want Ru to really see that I am a fashionable queen. - [Logan Browning] It's prom, on ice. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Kameron Michaels. - [Tisha Campbell] Cotton candy, sweet and go, let me see that icy hole! (panelists laugh) - [Kameron Michaels] It's very cold in Miami, so I had the biggest, grandest fur coat that there ever has been. I am serving you the princess of the Northern lights. - [Ross Matthews] Why isn't she in Boca Raton with the other blue hairs? (panelists laugh) - [Michelle Visage] Exactly! - [RuPaul] The Vixen. - [Logan Browning] Me so horny. (panelists laugh) Is she doing blow? (panelists laugh) - [The Vixen] My Miami summer look is very "Into the Woods." It's like I'm painting a picture for you. I want you to be into the dead of winter with me. I want you to feel cold when you see me. - Make it snow! Make it snow! (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Aquaria. - [Michelle Visage] She can clean it up in a swiffy. (panelists laugh) - This outfit represents me as a drag queen because I love an over the top silhouette. And I personally hand-dyed all the faux fur, I think the blend of the pastel colors is absolutely stunning. And I can tell by the twinkle in RuPaul's eye that he is living for this! - [Logan Browning] Silly rabbit, Trix are for kids. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [RuPaul] Dusty Ray Bottoms. - [Michelle Visage] Cuffs made of yak. (panelists laugh) - [Ross Matthews] Yak, queen! - [Michelle Visage] Yak! Yak! - [Dusty Ray Bottoms] I am serving you snow queen realness. I have the cold, frozen heart of our leader, who wound us up in this mess 'cause he wouldn't pay attention to global warming. No yaks were hurt in the making of this gown, I promise. - [Michelle Visage] She's got a heart on for us. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Monique Heart. - [Michelle Visage] Bea Arthur plays the Arctic Circle. And then there's Maude. (panelists laugh) - I saw the fur at the store, and I said, that's the one! Yeah, these shoulders, girl, I'm on the runway kitty cat, kitty cat, cat, cat, cat, cat! Did you catch the ponytail? Giving you futuristic (clicks tongue) 22 inches, honey. I feel stunning. - [Michelle Visage] I can see your short and curlies! (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Well I declare! Blair St. Clair. - [Michelle Visage] She's belting one out. - [Ross Matthews] Jacket on or jacket off? (panelists laugh) - [Blair St. Clair] I'm heatin up the runway with this look. She's a rich bitch, and even when it's cold outside, she's still going to look classic and stunning, in an all fur rabbit coat. - [Ross Matthews] Shh, it's wabbit season. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Asia O'Hara. Hey, snow leopard. (panelists laugh) - [Michelle Visage] Ooh, look at those slopes. - [Asia O'Hara] I've chosen to be very modern, fashion forward, futuristic snow leopard neon bunny. Yes, it is the end of the world. But a bitch is still gonna look good. I look like a boss ass bitch. I look like I own the ski resort. - [Michelle Visage] Now that is what we call a black diamond. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Miz cracker. - [Michelle Visage] Reporting for duty to the gayest army ever. (panelists laugh) - [Logan Browning] I'm wearing helmet bling. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [Miz Cracker] This isn't just about cold. This is about survival. So I'm giving you Bond girl realness. She's in her icy getaway and ready to attack when necessary. I'm a black widow in pink. - [Michelle Visage] She's got a weapon of ass destruction. (panelists laugh) (dance music) - Category is Martian Eleganza Extravaganza. ♪ Snapshot ♪ Mayhem Miller. - [Tisha Campbell] Little red rides the hood. (panelists chuckle) - [Ross Matthews] Oh good, they have a Studio 54 in space. (panelists laugh) - [Mayhem Miller] I'm here to save the day, bitch. I got a cape, I'm giving you Pepper LaBeija realness. I want the judges to know she is the one. - [Ross Matthews] First stop Mars, next stop, Uranus. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Eureka. Take me to your craps table. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [Eureka] I am serving you the last loaf on Earth. Giving you executive realness. I am ready to protect, serve, and do business. I'm here to what? Work. - [Michelle Visage] Throw momma from the space ship. (Eureka laughs) (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Monét X Change. - [Michelle Visage] Ooh, what filter is she using? (panelists laugh) - [Tisha Campbell] I'ma get it, hon. - [Monét X Change] This is the last ball on Earth. The world is going down, but I look fierce. I'm giving you future black Marilyn. I feel like I look like 1,000,000 bucks and I love this look on me. - [Ross Matthews] Does she have a patent on that leather dress? - [RuPaul] No, but it's quilted for your protection. (panelists laugh) Kameron Michaels. Houston, we have a peplum. (panelists laugh) - [Logan Browning] She's trying to phone home. - [Kameron Michaels] The only look that I'm not super confident in is my martian look. I think my space bimbo telecommunications director is quirky enough that the judges will enjoy her on the stage. Cell service in the Milky Way is just terrible! (panelists laugh) Can you hear me now? (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] The Vixen. - [Michelle Visage] Well, this look just blew me away. - [The Vixen] My martian eleganza is pure Vixen. I'm giving you disco. I'm giving you superhero. If I was going to go to Mars, I would be there to boogie. And I'm giving you superhero of the world. Whatever world that is. - [RuPaul] She looks like the granddaughter of a Solid Gold Dancer. (Michelle Visage laughs) Aquaria. - [Michelle Visage] Guys, she's flashing us. (panelists laugh) - [Aquaria] I'm giving you full, villainous power in this final look. I'm giving a whole lot of body. I'm used to being a spectacle in the club scene in New York City, so I know how to make an impact with a look. I might be a bitch, but tonight, I feel like that bitch. - [Ross Matthews] Oh, she went balls out. - [RuPaul] Mm hmm. - [Michelle Visage] I'll be back in a flash. (panelists chuckle) - [RuPaul] Dusty Ray Bottoms. - [Michelle Visage] Why I'm Glinda, the good witch. - [Logan Browning] In Mars, it's necessary to have breath support for your breast support. (panelists laugh) - [Dusty Ray Bottoms] The metal is digging into my neck and cutting up my arms. But this is it, I just got to Mars, and I am throwing the first Paris Is Burning on Mars. Who needs a shooting star when I'm right here, darling? - [Ross Matthews] Planet glitter-us. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Monique Heart. - [Logan Browning] You know what they say about the weather on Mars? - [RuPaul] Hm, what? - [Logan Browning] You just can't plan it. (panelists laugh) - [Monique Heart] Honey, this blue-green sequins looks opulent on this chocolate melanin skin, honey. I live for a deep plunging neckline. I have no titties, but bitch, I'mma give you the illusion. And this side leg, honey? All that good booty cheek out? Ah! I am serving 2020 eleganza on Mars. - [Michelle Visage] She's so jaded. - [RuPaul] Blair St. Clair. - [Logan Browning] Pink hair, don't glare. - [Ross Matthews] Oh this old thing? It's just made with aluminum foil. (panelists laugh) - [Blair St. Clair] I've had a good time on Earth, ladies and gentlemen, but I'm ready for the new world. Just because it's the end of the world doesn't mean you can't look fabulous. - [RuPaul] Yes, the modeling agency sent me over. I too am a sample size on Mars. (panelists laugh) Asia O'Hara. - [Tisha Campbell] Here comes a close encounter. - I love when people surprise you. I did not expect her to have white balls. (panelists laugh) - [Asia O'Hara] I am serving the Capitol in the "Hunger Games" meets Judy Jetson. As we have to leave our planet and go to another planet, we developed this appreciation for spheres. And I cough (coughs) stardust balls out of my mouth because we have been in hibernation. - [Tisha Campbell] Turn your head to the left and cough. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Welcome aboard the star ship inner thighs. (panelists laugh) Miz Cracker. - [Logan Browning] Ball buster! (panelists laugh) - [Tisha Campbell] Take me to your breeder. (panelists chuckle) - [Logan Browning] A slinky little number! - [Miz Cracker] In space, no one can hear you scream. So all the noise has to be glitter. Everything is stone and glittered the house down. Space boobs. She's cute, but she's dangerous. I'm ready to blast off. - [Michelle Visage] One small step for man, and one giant duck walk for queen kind. (panelists laugh) I said, "Which way is Pluto?" (panelists laugh) ♪ Bring back my girls ♪ - [RuPaul] First up, Olivia Lux. This girl is poison. Mercury poison. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [Olivia Lux] I am a mad scientist with a full patent leather lab coat. My chemical experiment just went crazy, and it goes up to this liquid mercury fascinator. I'm really excited to give the judges a kooky dark side. - [RuPaul] She blinded me with science! (Carson Kressley laughs) Rosé. - [Michelle Visage] Dressed by Miracle Grow. (RuPaul laughs) - [Rosé] I am dawning the most enormous rose on my head. Yes, I'm a delicate flower, but I'm studded with thorns. Underneath the soft, floral fantasy is a huge prick. - [RuPaul] Rosebud. (panelists chuckle) - Utica. - [Carson Kressley] Oh, I didn't anticipate this look. (panelists laugh) - [Utica] My fascinator is a picnic basket with little bees coming out of it. And I am rocking this asymmetrical vibe. And these ants that are made of buttons crawling up by boots! They're disrupting my picnic! Eek! Ooh, bye! - [RuPaul] She loves picnic baskets! - [Michelle Visage] Was that your Yogi Bear? (panelists laugh) - [Michelle Visage] Hey, hey, Boo-Boo! - [RuPaul] Symone, Symone-yay. Ooh. - [Michelle Visage] Hello, goddess. - [Symone] I really wanted to take this opportunity to do some activism in my drag, and personify that black angelic being. - Oh. - And as I turned around, you see on the back, there are two bullet holes, and I put my hands up. Don't shoot. It's not a moment. It is a movement. We need to continue to say their names. Breonna Taylor, George Floyd, Brayla Stone, Trayvon Martin, Tony McDade, Nina Pope, Monica Diamond. - Now that's a statement piece. - [Michelle Visage] Yes, baby. - [RuPaul] Gottmik. - [Ts Madison] That's gotta hurt. (panelists laugh) - [Gottmik] This week's one of the first times on this runway where it is 100% me. I have my signature clown white face paint back in action and a giant (beeps) safety pin stabbing right through my brain, with Swarovski blood dripping down. I'm a punk rock gorge gorge. - [RuPaul] Punk's not dead! Denali. - [Carson Kressley] She's really on a roll. (panelists chuckle) - [Michelle Visage] Always bring condiments. (RuPaul laughs) - [Denali] I am rolling down the runway, as I do best, serving you vintage diner girl realness. She is trying to, woo, take every order she can, and balance this coffee on her head. And I am owning my skates on this runway better than I did day one. - [RuPaul] She likes a little ketchup on her franks. (panelists laugh) - [Carson Kressley] And her Larry. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Kandy Muse. - [Carson Kressley] She's also feathered her hair. It is a trend! - [Michelle Visage] It is! - [RuPaul] Uh huh. - [Kandy Muse] For this look, I just thought to myself, what are you always thinking about in your head? Yourself. So, the fascinator on top of my head in the feathers spells out my last name. Muse. I'm walking down the runway like I am in a (beeps) fashion show in Paris, baby. - [RuPaul] Ain't no gray areas in that baby, it's just black and white. - [Carson Kressley] That's right. - [RuPaul] This bitch is layered. (Michelle Visage laughs) Roxxxy Andrews. Look at that body! - [Todrick Hall] Look at that hourglass shape. - [Michelle Visage] It's inner tubular. (Todrick Hall laughs) - [Roxxxy Andrews] I am fixing to sell this garment darling. I've got my big '90s hair on, I'm feeling total Gothic glam, I'm feeling very Violet Chachki, but the plus size, thick and juicy Violet Chachki. - [RuPaul] Well, if a tire goes out on my car, I'll know who to call. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [Carson Kressley] She's ribbed for your pleasure. - [RuPaul] Yes, she is. Alyssa Edwards. Oh! - [Michelle Visage] Her lips don't lie. That dress is a roadmap for her man. - [Carson Kressley] I can read her lips from here. - [RuPaul] Pow, right in the kisser. - [Alyssa Edwards] I am living. I'm colorful, vibrant, ferocious. I got my dress on with the lips. Cause you know, I got plenty of secrets. I got to hold back some, I keep in the vault, just in case. - [RuPaul] I want to kiss her all over. - [Carson Kressley] Or just kiss her ass. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Up next, Katya. She's into water sports. - Oh, it's Esther Williams', cousin, Fister Williams. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Wow, look at those breast strokes. - [Ross Matthews] Our cycles are synchronized. (Todrick Hall laughs) - [Katya] I'm giving you a skin-tight, sea foam green, Esther Williams underwater fantasy. My waist is cinched, my nose is pinched, and my body is absolutely drenched in sweat. - [Ross Matthews] Her look is making me wet. (Todrick Hall laughs) - [RuPaul] Take a dip in the cool waters of Katya. (panelists laugh) Alaska. Fashion. - [Michelle Visage] Yes. - [Carson Kressley] Gotta do something about that uni brow. - [Michelle Visage] She's got to get that plucked. - [RuPaul] This is totally blade rubber. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [Alaska] I'm wearing head-to-toe rubber latex, geometrical severe fantasy. I'm nine parts supermodel and one part robot, and ready for insertion. - [RuPaul] Why are her gloves so- Oh, oh, I get it. (panelists laugh) - Bye! - [RuPaul] Designed for your pleather. Detox. (gasps) Yes, mama. - [Carson Kressley] Raccoon eleganza. - [Michelle Visage] Now that is a thigh gap, Beyonce. (panelists laugh) - [Detox] My whole vibe for this look is like this Amazonian warrior goddess. And I feel really fierce. My tuck is right, I'm brilliant, I'm beautiful, because why? I'm Detox! - [RuPaul] Now that's what I call an apple bottom. - [Ross Matthews] Red delicious. ♪ Sexy sexy drag queen ♪ - And tonight, it's double trouble on the runway, because the category is two looks in one. Inspired by Violet Chachki. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win! (dance music) Roxxxy Andrews. - [Michelle Visage] Flamenco! - [Todrick Hall] Sombrero, yes. - [Panelists] Oh! - [Todrick Hall] Selena in the house! - [Michelle Visage] Hello! - If anybody knows anything about a reveal, she, me, her, she does! I'm serving Latina diva on this runway. - [Todrick Hall] Bidi bidi bom bom. - [RuPaul] That's a Spanish fly girl! Katya. Ooh, Barbara Eden. - [Carson Kressley] I dream of weenie. - [Michelle Visage] Oh, there she goes. - [Panelists] Oh! (panelists laugh) - [Katya] I'm giving you full hellfire Sharon Tate fantasy. It's Rosemary's babushka and I feel amazing. - Not tonight, Satan. Not tonight. Detox. - [Michelle Visage] Dark lady. - [Panelists] Oh! - [RuPaul] Yes! Oh, and there's more! - [Detox] Every time I step on the runway, I want it to be something different. I want to blow them away. (hand slaps) - Ooh! - [Detox] And that's the fun of drag, to me. - [RuPaul] Kung Pao. - [Michelle Visage] Ancient Chinese secret, huh? (Detox giggles) (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Here she comes. Alyssa Edwards. Ooh, the Lacroix pouf! - [Carson Kressley] Yes! - [RuPaul] What? - [Michelle Visage] I'm ready for my close up. (cameras click) - [Panelists] Ah! - [Alyssa Edwards] Girl, please. I've taken selfie to a whole 'nother level. Paparazzi who? Oh I see why you love me, darling. - [Carson Kressley] That is amazing. - [RuPaul] Kodak mammaries. (Carson Kressley laughs) Up next, Alaska. What? It's like a Fellini film. (panelists gasp) - [Michelle Visage] What the? (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] It's Little Poundcake! (panelists laugh) - [Alaska] Little Poundcake is the insane pageant girl. She's stunning, and I'm really excited to get to bring her to life. - [Michelle Visage] I think she needs some go-go juice. (panelists laugh) ♪ Sexy sexy drag queen ♪ - [RuPaul] Katya. - [Michelle Visage] Something seems really fishy here. - [Carson Kressley] I think we're gonna need a bigger boat. - [Katya] I'm summoning up my best Tara Reid in "Sharknado." I've got the stringy blonde hair, and I'm feeling the shark week fantasy. - [Ross Matthews] They both have fabulous mouths, don't you think? - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Michelle Visage] And they both unhinge at the jaw. - [RuPaul] Max. (Ariana Grande gasps) - [Michelle Visage] Oh. - [Ariana Grande] Pretty. - [Merle Ginsberg] The ghost of drag present. - [Max] I'm doing a jilted lover. She's stuck in purgatory as a ghost because she committed suicide by cutting out her own heart. It's very tragic. - [RuPaul] You know, a little club soda will take that right out. - [Merle Ginsberg] Now that's a heart-stopping look. - [RuPaul] Organ donor realness. Miss Fame. - [Michelle Visage] Oh! - [RuPaul] I wonder what's running through her head right now? - [Ariana Grande] Nothing. - [Miss Fame] I've been captured by the bride of the man that I've been having an affair with. And bitch got me with a blade through the skull. - [Merle Ginsberg] She's got a splitting headache. - [RuPaul] The last time I'll eat at Benihana. Jaidynn Diore Fierce. - [Michelle Visage] Orange is the new drag. - [Merle Ginsberg] I think she's looking really ripped. - [Jaidynn Diore Fierce] What had happened was, I got put in jail, and then I tried to escape to go see my baby daddy. And I didn't quite make it over that fence. - [Merle Ginsberg] It is criminal to look that good. - [Michelle Visage] Uh huh. - [RuPaul] She rises from the dead once a month to meet her Parole Officer. Violet Chachki. (RuPaul gasps) - Oh my God. - [Violet Chachki] I'm numb from the waist down. Tuck included. I really could die, bitch. I'm giving you realness. - [Michelle Visage] She's got a smaller waist than Barbie. - [Merle Ginsberg] Oh, don't sneeze, honey. It's all going to pop. - [Ariana Grande] Amazing. Work! ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ - [RuPaul] Kennedy Davenport. - [Carson Kressley] Half a dream girl. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Goodness, that's Peaches and Herb! - [Kennedy Davenport] I'm feeling very "Save the Last Dance" fish. Vanessa Williams, guss it all up, and then turn around and give them Bubba (laughs). I'm feelin' it, honey. - [RuPaul] She's really got personality, split personality. - [Rachel Harris] And a great ass. - [Carson Kressley] I think it's a little half-assed myself. - [RuPaul] She'd already done had hers's. And his's. Trixie Mattel. She's a little bit country, and he's a little bit rock and roll. - [Carson Kressley] Half Dwight Yoakam, half Loretta Lynn. - [Trixie Mattel] My gentleman character loves Jesus, and he loves his pickup truck, and he loves this girl. And when I turn to my girl side, in my little square dancing dress, I feel adorable. I'm giving them hoedown. ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ Instead of that hoe fell down. - [Michelle Visage] Is that a gun in his pocket or is he just happy to see himself? (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] You can tell this ain't her first time at the rodeo. Ginger Minj. - [Rachel Harris] What's up, sass? - [RuPaul] Ooh, bam. - [Ginger Minj] I am stomping down this runway like a Clydesdale in heat, and honey, I am serving you some country girl realness. Queen of the double-wide trailer. I flip over to my boy side and I am trying to pick up Michelle Visage in the process. - [Carson Kressley] Two great tastes that taste great together. - [RuPaul] Loretta Lynn and Conway Twitty. Violet Chachki. - [Carson Kressley] Drama. - [Rachel Harris] Ooh, very stunning. - [RuPaul] I think he missed a spot shaving. - [Violet Chachki] I'm feeling like a mamacita. I'm feeling like a Spanish prostitute. And then, bam. Pablo. I nailed the look, but what else is new? - [Ross Matthews] You must pay the rent! I can't pay the rent! (panelists laugh) - [Alyssa Milano] They'd have beautiful babies. - [Michelle Visage] They would. - [RuPaul] Katya. She comes from a drag house divided. - [Michelle Visage] Meet me halfway. - [Katya] On one side I'm giving you flamenco flapper. My feminine side is very coy and demure. And then, bam! It's a man! - [Carson Kressley] Think this one's going to be a split decision. - [RuPaul] Oh yeah. - [Rachel Harris] Nice! ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ - [RuPaul] Welcome back to the Miss Charisma, Uniqueness, Nerve, and Talent Pageant. (panelists applaud) In this next category, our contestants returned to the stage wearing their very best Lady Gaga drag. - Oh. - [RuPaul] First up, Peppermint. Grammy Awards, 2016. - [Carson Kressley] If it ain't brocade, don't fix it. (panelists laugh) - [Peppermint] Ground control to Major Tom giving you Gaga Bowie realness. Because the entire point of drag is to give the middle finger to rules of gender. - I have nothing to say. I'm going to be speechless this whole time. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Wham bam, thank you, ma'am. (Lady Gaga laughs) Next up, Valentina. The CFDA Awards. - That was new glare. When Nicola Formichetti was there. - [Valentina] I am wearing the look she wore for the CFDA Awards. I definitely see myself a bit in Lady Gaga, because she carries herself with grace and glamor, but I always want to add Valentina flare to what I do. - I brought my sister as my date and we were both on the red carpet like a bunch of pissed off New Yorkers. (panelists laugh) - [Michelle Visage] Some things never change, darling. - [RuPaul] Paparazzi love her! Next up, Eureka. The Telephone video. - Yes! - [Carson Kressley] Guilty as charged. (panelists chuckle) - I decided to do the Telephone look. I just want to give them something big and glamorous and kind of risky couture. Got my titties on my chin. Cinch, pull, and tuck, honey, that's the tea. - [Lady Gaga] Great choice, darling. I believe that was Jean de Castelbajac who made that garment. - [Michelle Visage] Oh, you say that to all the queens. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Next up, Charlie Hides. Brit Awards, 2010. - [Carson Kressley] That's a lace front wig, I believe. - [RuPaul] I believe it is. (Michelle Visage cackles) - [Charlie Hides] I've chosen to wear the outfit that Lady Gaga wore for the 2010 Brit Awards. I've done Lady Gaga hundreds of times on YouTube. And, I think I'm pretty polished, so I'm fairly confident. - Philip Treacy made this for McQueen, and he gave it to me because I was doing a tribute to him. - [RuPaul] Don't be a drag, be a McQueen! Next up, Farrah Moan, the Alejandro video. Pray and slay. - [Michelle Visage] Oh my God. Look at her cross. - [Farrah Moan] I look exactly like Lady Gaga in my Alejandro music video look, and I'm rocking my real hair. And I really hope that Lady Gaga lives for it. - The attitude in the face is really good. And the makeup is on point, because Steven Klein and I had an argument about it. I thought it was too much makeup in this scene. - [Carson Kressley] Don't cross this queen. - [Ross Matthews] Everybody needs a virgin to sacrifice. - [RuPaul] Can I get an amen? Next up, Sasha Velour. The Applause video. - Do I have something on my face? (panelists laugh) - I'm wearing my favorite look that she has ever done. A pierrot clown, high art, Pat McGrath makeup. It is the place where art and pop meet. - [Lady Gaga] It's going to be hard for this not to be one of my favorites. - [Michelle Visage] What do you live for, Gaga? - The applause. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Painted for the Gagas. (panelists laugh) Shea Couleé. Monster Ball tour. Paws up, baby. - [Shea Couleé] My Lady Gaga look, it's ethereal, powerful, yet gentle, and serene, and it mixes engineering and fashion. - This reminds me of the film that Nick Knight did with the yellow electric urine blonde. - [Panelists] Ooh. - [Carson Kressley] Urine blonde is my screen name on Scruff. - [Lady Gaga] It is? It's my password on Netflix. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Trinity Taylor. "American Horror Story: Hotel." - [Michelle Visage] Yes, countess - [Carson Kressley] Yes. - This look speaks to me because I love darkness and glamor and vampires, and Lady Gaga was so seductive and sexy and brilliant in the show. - Trinity, a little club soda will take that right out. (panelists laugh) - [Lady Gaga] You know they say that if you use your own spit, the enzymes break down the blood, so. - [RuPaul] Good to know! - [Michelle Visage] Thank you. - [RuPaul] This competition is cutthroat. Nina Bo'nina Brown. The VMAs, 2009. - Oh my God. - [Michelle Visage] Yas, McQueen, yas! - This was one of the biggest nights of my life. - [Nina Bo'nina Brown] I'm serving you the black version of Lady Gaga. Lot of hips, a lot of ass, and a lot of sass. I can't see how Lady Gaga is reacting because I can't see anybody. - [Ross Matthews] I just love the expression in her face when she wears this outfit, you know, you can tell she's happy. - [RuPaul] Oh now she's on the edge of whorey. Up next, Aja. Comme des Garçons. Now, where did I park my car? (RuPaul laughs) - [Aja] For my Lady Gaga look, I'm wearing a remake of her Comme des Garçons look that she wore to show that beauty has no shape. - [Lady Gaga] You know, I wore this because the media was saying I was fat, and I knew this archive, so I called the Comme des Garçons and I asked them if we could wear it. It's such an excellent choice. - [Carson Kressley] And very slimming. - [Lady Gaga] It's all about the waist. (Michelle Visage speaks Yiddish) (panelists laugh) - And tonight, on the runway, as a salute to "The Divine Miss M," category is Mermaid Fantasy. (panelists laugh) Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win. (dance music) ♪ Snapshot ♪ First up, Monique Heart. From Maxine Waters to salty waters. (panelists laugh) - [Monique Heart] Not to be coy, mother darling, but I am serving fishy fish realness, honey, you know, getting rolled around by the Pit Crew is not a bad gig, I could get used to this, but Jesus I don't want nothing to happen to my legs, though. I need walk. - [RuPaul] Yes, honey, work that omega three. - [Michelle Visage] Ha! She got a fatty acid. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Miz Cracker. - [Carson Kressley] Call her saltine, now. (RuPaul laughs) - [Miz Cracker] I'm serving Barbie fresh out of the box. Happy to be there, confused about why. I'm giving you a little crown, and beautiful plastic titties. - What do you call them? Tits. (panelists laugh) - [Carson Kressley] Those thingamabobs? - [Michelle Visage] Yes! I got 20. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Aquaria. - [Carson Kressley] This look brought to you by the Exxon Valdez. - [RuPaul] Black gold, Texas tea. - [Aquaria] I'm giving you head to toe custom, dripping in water and oil, slick, everything. I have blue tears coming directly out of my eyes. I can't see anything except for cyan. I'm giving the most lethargic mermaid but in the most editorial way. - [Michelle Visage] She's finished. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Asia O'Hara. - [Michelle Visage] Ooh, from the Chernobyl reef. - [Carson Kressley] Never go swimming in love canal. (panelists laugh) - [Asia O'Hara] I don't believe mermaids in real life are pretty. They're half women, half fish. So my mermaid look is inspired by lion fish meets mermaid meets a sea cucumber. - [Audra McDonald] Having fish and tits for dinner. - [RuPaul] Oh yes. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [RuPaul] I think Jason's making the tartar sauce now. (panelists laugh) Here's The Vixen. - [Carson Kressley] Well, it's obvious she has clam-ydia. (panelists laugh) - [The Vixen] My mermaid look is heavy metal and reflective. I am spray painted. I am sequins. I am every girly thing that I would usually avoid, but I just wanted to feel full fantasy. - [Carson Kressley] She's looking for her friend, Annette. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Monét X Change. - [Audra McDonald] Battlestar gill-actica. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [RuPaul] Tuna Turner. (panel laughs) - [Monét X Change] I'm giving you a beat up, tattered warrior mermaid. Cause I'm here to fight these bitches to the top. Monét is a strong, powerful warrior mermaid fish. - [RuPaul] You want to talk about the deadliest snatch? - [Carson Kressley] Stop polluting our oceans! (RuPaul giggles) - [RuPaul] Eureka. I think we're going to need a bigger boat. (Michelle visage guffaws) - [Eureka] I'm giving you the biggest baddest, most evil mermaid of them all. I think everyone expects me to be this colorful, rainbow, Disney princess mermaid. No, bitch. I am Ursula's cousin twice removed, drooling blood where I just ate my food. - [RuPaul] Don't forget to floss. (panelists laugh) Kameron Michaels. - [Michelle Visage] Ooh. It's one of the reef housewives. (RuPaul laughs) - [Kameron Michaels] My mermaid is a little vain. She's interested in herself and nobody else. I'm way too grand to look for Nemo, because I'm only worried about myself. She looks fishy and she knows it. - [Carson Kressley] Touch this fin. Touch all of this fin! - [RuPaul] Uh huh. (panelists laugh) Serving the future of drag. Alaska. In the future, if you're not wearing three foot nails, you're not doing drag. (Alaska screams) (panelists laugh) - [Alaska] I'm serving alien princess eleganza. - [RuPaul] The higher the hair, the closer to Uranus. (panelists laugh) (Alaska screams) (panelists laugh) Detox. Oh, oh, oh, okay. Oh my God! - [Panelists] Oh! - [Detox] I'm practically naked walking down the runway and it looked like a sexy silver fembot (beeps) toy. - [RuPaul] She's serving the fifth element, the sixth element, and magnesium. (Jeremy Scott laughs) Alyssa Edwards. - [Michelle Visage] She's horny, baby. - [Alyssa Edwards] Girl, I got my beaded wig on, girl. I got the horns. I got the moon boots. I'm giving y'all everything. - [Carson Kressley] Oh, I just noticed the boots. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Now is that a fascinator on her head, or a doggy bag? (Michelle Visage laughs) Roxxxy Andrews. - [Carson Kressley] Uh, she just fixed herself. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [Roxxxy Andrews] I feel like a warrior in my outfit. It's Wonder Woman slash goddess of planet Roxxxy. - [RuPaul] Space age face with an Oakland booty. (panelists laugh) Katya. Ooh. - [Michelle Visage] I'm pretty sure this is my Aunt Harriet at a bat mitzvah. - [Katya] I'm giving you intergalactic mom. The pièce de résistance of this outfit is the giant hair. It's kind of like a donut on acid. It is the most glamorous I've ever looked in my entire life. - [RuPaul] Live long and frostitute. (panelists laugh) Category is Best Judys. First up, Latrice Royale and Alexis Knight. - [Carson Kressley] Blondes have more hair. (panelists laugh) - [Latrice Royale] We are struttin' down this runway, like two big old bitches that's large and in charge. Big hair, big jewels, just full on Latrice Royale fantasy. - [Michelle Visage] Best little whorehouse in Sylmar. (panelists laugh) Monique Heart and Shanida Heart. - [Carson Kressley] Well, you know, they always say the eyes are the window to the spleen. (panelists laugh) - [Ross Matthews] Their jokes are cornea. (panelists laugh) - [Monique Heart] Me and my good Judy, Miss Shanida Heart, have our lovely avant-garde optical illusion costumes on. - [RuPaul] Oh my God, they just crossed their eyes! (panelists laugh) - [Monique Heart] Looking gorgeous, beat for the gods, winking at the judges. - [Ross Matthews] Blink twice if your feet hurt! (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Manila Luzon and Iyowife Luzon. - [Michelle Visage] Well aren't they well-suited? (panelists laugh) - [Frances Bean Cobain] I see a queen. - [RuPaul] Well I hear they're not playing with a full deck. (panelists laugh) - [Manila Luzon] Iyowife and I are queens from the deck. She is queen of diamonds, because hello, she's a married lady. And I'm the queen of clubs because I love to go clubbing. We are serving, poke her realness. We are royalty, darling. - [Carson Kressley] Is that a pair of queens? I know it's definitely not a straight. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Naomi Smalls and Extra Smalls. - [Michelle Visage] Ooh! - [Ellen Pompeo] Gypsies, tramps, and thieves! - [Naomi Smalls] My runway look is full-on Cher fantasy. (dance music) - Ooh! (panelists laugh) It just got a lot Sonny-er! - [Ross Matthews] She's giving me a Bono. (panelists laugh) - [Naomi Smalls] My Sonny look is kind of feminine, because he was kind of feminine. And the '70s were a great time for androgyny. I get to show off my wife, Cher, and what's a better way to honor them through love? - [RuPaul] Stupid! (panelists laugh) Trinity the Tuck and Indigo the Tuck. You know, the McGuire sisters haven't been the same since daddy left us. (panelists laugh) - [Trinity the Tuck] This is an expensive tuck, bitch. We look good in our Versace. We are twinning for the win. Move over, bitches, cause Indigo is coming through. - [Carson Kressley] Ver-snatched. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [Ross Matthews] Has anybody been able to find that Chattanooga choo choo? (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Monét X Change and Patty Cash. Monet, you look like the mother of a Solid Gold dancer. (panelists laugh) - [Frances Bean Cobain] Stay golden, kitty girl. - [Carson Kressley] Well, I know who wears the pants in this family. (panelists laugh) - [Monét X Change] We are serving New York City's finest. She's giving you a little Dita Von Teese. I'm giving you a little black chocolate Judy Garland, honey. We look good. I feel like we look expensive, and we both have the X Change family secret. A big old booty. - [Ross Matthews] There's gold in them there cheeks. (panelists laugh) - Our queens were challenged to design Pride floats. Now they're ready to parade them down the runway. Are you ready to see their true colors? - Hell yeah! - Yes! - Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win! ♪ Welcome to the jungle ♪ (dance music) Chad Michaels. Ahoy! - [Kelly Osbourne] Glamorous! - [RuPaul] She show boating. - [Chad Michaels] My outfit is fashion forward showgirl. Always beautiful. Always painted. Nearly naked. - [Michelle Visage] Star booty! - [RuPaul] She's serving the deadliest catch. - [Michelle Visage] Snapper. - [RuPaul] Dida Ritz, in red. Oh, I love a harem pant. - [Dida Ritz] I'm serving float couture-ness. I'm not letting this boat get in my way. I always leave my mark, honey, I pee on the runway. Trust. - [RuPaul] Red sky at night, sailor's delight. Nice ass. Up next, Jiggly Caliente. My favorite color, orange. - [Michelle Visage] Tangerine dream. - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Jiggly Caliente] I look good. My wrap is flowing, my hair is flowing. My makeup is right. My lips look right. I look sickening, bitch. - [RuPaul] Mm, it reminds me of Orange Julius. Or, it would be Orange Jiggly-us! Milan. - [Michelle Visage] Hello, sunshine. - [Milan] I'm feeling proud of what I created. My float is the Milan invasion. It's inspired by Fire Island. Boatload of wigs. - [Pauley Perrette] It's nice to have extra wigs, though. - [RuPaul] It is. Cause if you end up on Gilligan's Island and you want to do shows, well. - [Michelle Visage] Hello! - [RuPaul] Latrice Royale. In turquoise. - [Billy B] The goddess of the sea. - [RuPaul] Wow, look at all that water. - [Latrice Royale] I just want it all to hang out today. I have this here that I baked and sculpted, and hand-painted. - [Pauley Perrette] Love those lips! - [Michelle Visage] She built these first at Claire's. (panelists laugh) - [Billy B] Now that is a Poseidon adventure. - Let's get this ball rolling. Category is Rainbow-She-Betta-Do. First up, Shea Couleé. - [Michelle Visage] Graffiti Nefertiti! - [Shea Couleé] I decided to go in a little bit of a different direction, and do a dress that is graffiti. And I'm just feeling this look so much. - [RuPaul] Tag, you're it. (Michelle Visage laughs) Sasha Velour. Oh, gorgeous. - [Andie MacDowell] Color blocking perfection. - [Sasha Velour] I'm giving a little nod to the "Wizard of Oz" and the importance of Dorothy to the gay community. (panelists gasp) - [Andie MacDowell] Honey, I am home. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Careful, before someone drops a house on you. (Michelle Visage laughs) - [Michelle Visage] I'm filing for section great. (RuPaul laughs) - Alexis Michelle. - [Andie MacDowell] Rainbow bright. - [Michelle Visage] Yes! - [Alexis Michelle] This look is literal Pride flag. Bright, loud, colorful, stripey. - [RuPaul] Taste the rainbow. - [Michelle Visage] Mm! - [RuPaul] Trinity Taylor. - [Carson Kressley] That gives a whole new meaning to strap on. (RuPaul laughs) - [Trinity Taylor] I'm giving you gay rainbow, with a dash of dark lady. - [RuPaul] I wonder what's at the end of her rainbow. - [Andie MacDowell] I just want her ass! - [RuPaul] Uh huh. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Peppermint. - [Michelle Visage] Ooh! I wonder if her rug matches her drapes. (panelists laugh) - [Peppermint] My look is a classic Pride look. I'm a classic beauty with a classic booty, and I'm working it like there is no other. - [Carson Kressley] This look brought to you by Skittles. (panelists chuckle) - Category is Sexy Unicorn. Shea Couleé. Yes, she's the black horse at this competition. - [Michelle Visage] 50 shades of Shea. (panelists laugh) - [Shea Couleé] I'm giving you dark and lovely stallion. You could just call me neigh Couleé. - Spank it! - Oh! Does she make you unicorny? (panelists laugh) Sasha Velour. - [Panelists] Oh! - [Michelle Visage] It's the Chronicles of Dragnia. - [Andie MacDowell] Lord of the Hoofs. - [Michelle Visage] Yes! (RuPaul laughs) - [Sasha Velour] When I think of a unicorn, I think of medieval tapestries, and I'm just selling that fantasy beast. - [Carson Kressley] The tip of her horn is bleeding. I think this a period costume. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Alexis Michelle. Now she's a real hoofer. - [Alexis Michelle] I am a glittery gold unicorn. Look at these hooves. You know what they say about big hooves, don't you? - [RuPaul] Now that's what I call a fairy tale. - [Carson Kressley] She's really feeling her oats. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] Trinity Taylor. - [Michelle Visage] She's got so much energy, it's like Lisa crank. (panelists laugh) - [Trinity Taylor] It's every little gay boy's pony fantasy. Bubblegum, cotton candy, "My Little Pony." And I live. - [RuPaul] Yeah, shake those tail feathers. (panelists laugh) Peppermint. - [Michelle Visage] Horn raiser. (panelists laugh) - [Peppermint] My sexy unicorn is a space unicorn. I start to realize that my garment it's a little baggy in some places. So I have to kind of move very strategically. - Unicorn? I don't remember eating unicorn. (Michelle Visage laughs) - Up next, Nina West and Shuga Cain. - [Michelle Visage] It's the insane drag posse. (panelists chuckle) - [Wanda Sykes] It's like Skittles and Chiclets. (panelists laugh) - [RuPaul] You know, these outfits fit them to a LGBT. (panelists laugh) - [Nina West] I really wanted to use this runway walk as our very own Pride Parade. These outfits are quintessential Nina. They're inspired by "Kinky Boots" from Broadway. So they're very fun, but there's also a message behind it. And Shuga is making me so proud. She's doing her best Nina West impression. Which is really amazing. She's serving and turning on the runway. - [Lena Waithe] I love a gay superhero. - [Michelle Visage] Amen. - [Lena Waithe] Come on, okay? - [Wanda Sykes] When the twins disappear? (Michelle Visage laughs) - Two top All Stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and to prove to the world you belong in the Drag Race Hall of Fame. (upbeat music) - Honey, the face, the look, the me. Miss Monique Heart, reclaiming my time, reclaiming my crown. RuPaul, where's my check at? Hello, America. Your girl is back. Monique Heart, the heart of Season 10. And honey, she is what? Brown cow stunning! Bitch, I'm the first one! Now, facts are facts, world. When Beyoncé walks into the room, you know she's there. I know I'm that girl. And, uh, I'm gonna win! (suspenseful music) - Yes! - Ah! - The body is back! I'm Trinity Taylor, top four from Season 9. (Trinity laughs) Did I say Trinity Taylor? Sorry. I just feel like Trinity Taylor is so boring. I am Trinity the Tuck, and this tuck has teeth. - Ah! - Ah! This time, I'm confident that I'm the whole package. I made it to top four the last time. And now, I'm here to win. I am a super queen. - So tell me what this look is. - This is all zip ties, bitch. - Come through the house down, bitch! - I'm made of plastic. Might as well wear a plastic, bitch. (laughs) - You can't spell legendary without leg. My name is Naomi Smalls, the legs of Season 8. - Come on, legs! - You when this tall bitch walks in the room exactly who she is. She's glowing. She's shining. - She's flexible. - She's on the stilts. (laughs) So, I'm gonna seize this opportunity to show the world that I'm not just this beauty queen. There's only one crown and it's mine. - Damn her waist. - Thank you! - Guess who's black in the house, bitch. Yes! I am Monét X Change of Season 10. Your current reigning Miss Congeniality. I am here to slay, and until I snatch that crown, a bitch brought her own. Ooh. - Yes! Yes! - You are a nasty queen. - I'm excited to see my Season 10 sister. I feel like both of us have something to prove. But this is All Stars 4. A black jumpsuit like a leotard? It's not stunning. - Oh! The crybaby's back! (Farrah laughs) I'm Farrah Moan from Season 9, and I'm here to moan and groan my way to the top, honey. Oh! - Farrah Moan is one of the most stunning queens I've ever seen. She has more Instagram followers than a lot of these bitches do. - I am Jasmine Masters and I have something to say. - Oh! - I am back for All Stars 4, you junky whores! For those of you who don't remember me, I was on Season 7. - Ah! - Ah! - Hey, bitch! (laughs) You know, there's a lot of queens, a lot of fans out there who don't believe that I'm a great drag queen. But since I've been on the show, I became the meme queen. And I'm always in somebody's video or clip. You know, I don't understand why people's breath be motherfucker's stink and they don't taste it. When you go (chomps), you don't taste that? The meme queen is back to snatch the crown. - [Valentina] Is here. - Oh, shit. - Ha! - No. - Brr. I'm back. - It's you, Valentina. I'm glamour, high fashion, a Latin American diva. And this is the Valentina confessional look 2.0. Sass. We have a beautiful designer beret by Dior. And look at this manicure. - Please welcome two legendary queens. Team Latrila. - Ah! - Oh! - Oh! Oh! Oh! (queens cheer) - Ah! Everybody's screaming. I know you're screaming. Stop. I'm the large in charge, chunky and funky Latrice mother(beep) Royale. Eat it. - Look at Manila-nila-nila. - I'm Manila Luzon. I'm the runner-up from Season 3 and something-up from All Stars 1. - On your own, none of you were able to reach the top. So this time around, you'll be competing as teams of two. (Alexis laughs) - (beep) When we did All Stars 1 in teams, it was the gagger because we weren't expecting to have to work with someone the entire season. - [RuPaul] Latrila! - This has been like the best pairing in the world because like you always know how to take it that extra step beyond, and I love that. - Manila and Latrice, sashay away. - This time is gonna be different. - Now, ladies. Latrice and Manila competed as a team in the first All Stars. But I invited them back to compete as individuals. - Yeah! (queens cheer) Woo, girl. I am very relieved that there's not a team situation. But at the same time, having Latrice and Manila here, things literally just got three times harder. They're two of the most fierce competitors in Drag Race history. Game on. - The library is about to be open. - Yeah. - Yeah! - Because reading is what? - [Queens] Fundamental! - That's right. All right. First up, Monét X Change. - Ooh. RuPaul, but I'm Miss Congeniality. I could never! Here we go, bitch. (all laughing) Trinity the Tuck, you've had so much plastic in you. You won't be buried in the coffin, you'd probably be buried in the recycling bin. (all laughing) Manila Luzon. Emphasis on lose. - Oh! - Twice. (all laughing) - Monét X Change, the sponge queen. - Yes! - Too bad you couldn't soak up a win. (Monét laughs) - Oh! - Ru, thank you so much for bringing someone here that's gonna make me look smart. What's up, Farrah Moan? (Farrah laughs) Farrah Moan is so dumb, she thought Valentina was her best friend. - Ah! - Ooh. - Oh, my God. - Naomi Smalls, legs you are known for. However, you should be known for toes, 'cause they're always hanging out. - Oh! - Oh! - Much like you in that nineties video, Ru. You know, when you were in the bodega? - Ooh. - What? - Security. - Jasmine Masters, you know what- oh! Oh, my God. - What is it? - I'm sorry. I was just looking for her talent. Oh! - Monique Heart. You brag so much about how you make your own clothes. But your dresses are so ugly, they hang themselves. - Ah! - Tell. (all laughing) - Manila Luzon. I loved you so much on your season. But who's a booger now, bitch? - Oh! - Oh! (all laughing) - It's me, guys. - All right, all right, you junky whores. Latrice Royale. You are my sister. But bitch, I liked it better when you was my bodyguard. - Ah! (all laughing) - And Ru. - Uh-huh? - Thank you for having me back, bitch. I want my suit back. (all laughing) - Naomi Smalls, legs, legs, legs. Could we get a side of brains with that? (all laughing) Valentina. Take that thing off your face. Oh, it is your face. (all laughing) Your other one. - Oh! - Oh! - Damn. (all laughing) - Jasmine, say it's true. - You got a key to my house, bitch. - Girl, welcome to a season that somebody will give a (beep) about. (all laughing) That's how it's done, ladies. That's how you read. - Monét X Change, I'm sure you get compared to Bob the Drag Queen all the time. And in this competition, that's a good thing. Because at least you know you'll beat Naomi Smalls. - Oh! (laughs) - A two-for-one read. - Yes, honey. Monique Heart, do you remove your makeup with flushable toilet wipes? Because you're an ass and your makeup is (beep). - Ah! (all laughing) - All right, now. The library is closed officially. And, ooh child, I'm gonna need some aloe for all them burns. The winner of today's mini challenge is... Latrice Royale. (Latrice laughs) To the brave LGBTQ veterans and service members, from the bottom of our hearts, thank you. And welcome to our All Star Spangled Variety Show. (audience cheering) How now, brown cow? It's Monique Heart. - Hello, world. Hello, America. Quick question. ♪ Are you brown cow stunning? ♪ ♪ When you wake up in the morning ♪ ♪ When you walk to the room ♪ ♪ Slaying all day everyday ♪ ♪ Serving face to Mother Ru ♪ ♪ Giving you the ooh-ah sensation ♪ ♪ Brown cow stunning in formation ♪ ♪ Brown cow ruling the nation ♪ - Hit it! ♪ Brown cow stunning ♪ ♪ Giving ooh-ah sensation ♪ ♪ Brown cow stunning ♪ ♪ Coming to every nation ♪ ♪ Brown cow stunning ♪ ♪ Giving ooh-ah sensation ♪ - I didn't know this bitch could sing. She is turning it out, girl. ♪ Are you brown cow stunning yet? ♪ ♪ Are you brown cow, are you brown cow ♪ ♪ Are you brown cow stunning? ♪ - Oh! ♪ Are you brown cow stunning? ♪ (audience cheering) The look and feel of real. Trinity the Tuck. (lively music) ♪ For the perfect tuck ♪ ♪ You'll need some spray adhesive ♪ ♪ Give a little spritz to both your front and back ♪ ♪ Put some tissue paper there ♪ ♪ Just below your derriere ♪ ♪ With your junk pulled distinctly to your crack ♪ - Sorry, Mom! ♪ Then clear vinyl tape should do quite nicely ♪ ♪ To give that mean tuck a helping hand ♪ ♪ At least three strips is wise ♪ ♪ Depending on your size ♪ ♪ From chiquito to el chalupo grande ♪ - See, that's Spanish. ♪ Now, go and get your sturdy tucking panties ♪ ♪ The ones that look like hell and smell much worse ♪ ♪ Get those straps around your thighs ♪ ♪ As you pull them to the skies ♪ ♪ Till you're tucked so tight ♪ ♪ It makes you want to curse ♪ - Mother(beep)! ♪ A little airbrush spray ♪ ♪ To hide the razor burn and welts ♪ ♪ And your perfect tuck is finally in the groove ♪ ♪ You can dance and you can stun ♪ ♪ But it's gonna take a ton ♪ ♪ Of industrial strength cleanser to remove ♪ ♪ It's just a tip to save ya ♪ ♪ To hide what God done gave ya ♪ ♪ The perfect tuck to keep your junk away ♪ - I can't sing, but you get the point. Go tuck yourself. (audience cheering) - I think I've been tucking wrong this whole time. (RuPaul laughs) - Look at that ass. - Trinity the Tuck. Monique Heart. (suspenseful music) You are the top two All Stars of the week. (all applauding) - Thank you. - Con-drag-ulations. - Thank you. - Yes, children, yes. - [Voiceover] From the whoopie capital of the world, it's the Snatch Game of Love, brought to you by the Points Guy, your online travel resource for rewards, miles, and more. And here's the Snatchmaker himself, RuPaul. - Welcome to the Snatch Game of Love. Let's meet our first batch of celebrity snatchelorettes. - Yes, ha-ha! - It's the Queen of the Night, Whitney Houston. - Hello, RuPaul. Ha-ha! - Now, Whitney, how will you know if he really loves you? - Do you really know, Ru? - I don't. - Do you know? - I don't. - Do you know if I know if you know if you know if you know if I know? - No, I don't. - I didn't think so. Thank you. (audience laughing) - Oh, Whitney, all right. - Move on. - All right, next, the queen of day time talk, Wendy Williams. - How you doin', Ru? - How you doin'? - I'm doing good. I'm up in the wigotry of it all. - How's the talk show going? - We are Emmy nominated. In my mind, we're both winners. (RuPaul laughs) In my mind. Oh, yes. - Up next, we've got Olympic gold medalist and trans-trailblazer, Caitlyn Jenner. Hi, Caitlyn. Are you looking for love? - I don't know what I'm looking for. I'm looking for my glasses. I'm looking for a comfortable pair of shoes right now, Ru. - All right, up next, the sexy, sultry songstress, Eartha Kitt is here. - Brrr. - I would assume you get lots of fabulous gifts for Christmas. Is that true? - Yes. Champagne in Monte Carlo. But you know what I really want is pull my lever. - Pull your lever? - Pull the lever, crank. - What does that mean, pull my lever? - Brr. Pull my lever. (crickets sound) - Crickets. - Ha-ha! - So you all ready to play? - Yes, baby. - Let's do this. - Well, let's close that sugar wall. - Oh, they have budget here, I see. Ha! - Now, our first snatchelor is from Telluride, Colorado. Meet Olympic skier, Gus Kenworthy. - Snatchelorette number three, imagine that you're a car. Sell yourself to me. - Well, this car has had a lot of miles, honey. (all laughing) But you know what? The engine's still running. So I'm ready to get it on the road. You ready, Gus? - I am ready. - Gus, do you have another question? - Snatchelorette number three, based on your scent, what would your perfume be called? - It be called Malibu, baby. Ha! (all laughing) Everybody likes to smell like an old person in the sun of California, ha! (all laughing) (RuPaul laughing) - Caitlyn Jenner is really stealing the show. And I'm so entertained. - She's the last black unicorn, Tiffany Haddish. - Hi. She's ready. Tell me I don't look good. - You look fabulous. - She's ready. - Listen, if you stay ready- - You ain't gotta get ready. - That's right. Tiffany Haddish. Miss Barbra Streisand. - Hello, gorgeous. - Hello, gorgeous. - Your voice sounds like butter. We could do duets together. ♪ Oh ♪ - That note was flat. - The pleasure is all yours. - The legendary Della Reese is here. Hi, Della. - Well, hello Mr. RuPaul. - Now, Della, are you looking for love? - I am. 'Cause you know I still got the heat. It's still there, baby. - Let's meet our snatchelor. Originally from Sydney, Australia, he's a Hollywood leading man now. Keiynan Lonsdale. (audience cheering) Wow, you look fantastic. - Thank you. So do you. - Thank you. - Snatchelorette number two, if we visit my parents, we'd have to sleep in my childhood bedroom. It only has one bunk bed. Would you wanna be on the top or on the bottom? - I can do it on top and I can do it on bottom. Or actually, (beep) it, I'll just pay for a hotel. (all laughing) Being on a dating show was a little weird especially 'cause I'm a married man. (laughs) - Yeah, that was a little interesting. - You're about to get married, right? - I am about to get married. It's happening so soon. Yes, God. Getting married. Ta-ting. - Hopefully, you'll have a pretty shiny crown and a hundred thousand dollars- - To pay for it. - To pay for your wedding. - Woo, that would be lovely. Growing up, coming from a religious background, I was so conflicted all the time because they're constantly telling me that all the things that I was feeling inside of me were my ticket to hell. Back then, I never thought love, monogamy, family would be a possibility for me. I was unpacking once we got here and I found a note from Christopher in the bottom of my tote. - Shut up. - Yeah. He just wanted to let me know that at all costs that I had somebody that was at home waiting for me. You know what I mean? And it's just like... It's the best feeling in the world to have someone that's in your corner now matter what, win, lose, draw. Unconditional love. I did fight the fight to help get marriage equality passed in all 50 states. And knowing that I could actually legally love the person that I love and feel traditional was the biggest triumph that I've ever felt. - Category is Boots the House Down. Trinity the Tuck. - [Michelle] Uh-oh, guys. Is it me, or are her legs buckling? - [Trinity] My look, bitch, is sickening. I am channeling 1990s Versace, Chanel. Sorry, Valentina. There is a new Linda Evangelsita in town. - [RuPaul] Manila Luzon. - [Ross] I'm sorry, Manila's all tied up right now. (all laughing) I love that jewelry in her mouth. How many carrots is that? (all laughing) - [Manila] I am serving you leather daddy Tom of Finland sex bunny. Ooh, I'm hopping down the runway. - Her safe word is beta carotene. (all laughing) Based on the judges' critiques, I've made some decisions. Trinity the Tuck. Manila Luzon. You are the top two All Stars of the week. (all applauding) Con-drag-ulations. - [Voiceover] This is the plaintiff. She's suing a salon owner for over $5,000, claiming she made her look like a bitch at her high school reunion. This is the defendant. She claims the plaintiff is telling a "tail" and actually looks quite fetching. - All rise for the smoking hot judge, Michelle Visage. (audience cheering) - All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right. Sit down, sit down. Hey, Tony. - Hey, your honor. How you doing? - I noticed you didn't call me honorable. Is that because of last night in my chambers? - Uh, yeah. Um, go with that, I guess. - Y'all ready for some Jersey Justice? (audience cheering) Order in the court. Order in the court! Do you solemnly swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, or something like the truth, so help you Jon Bon Jovi? - Something like the truth. - I swear. (beep) (audience laughing) - Plaintiff, what's your name? - Tiffani, with two I's dotted with hearts. - Defendant. - Stefani, with an I, Angelyne with a Y, Ricotta like the cheese, Permanata. - Obviously Jewish. - Five point stars. - Yes. What's your story, Tiffani? - So I was walking down Spa Row, and I saw a truck, you know, like a food truck. But it was a travel salon. So I thought I would go in and get my hair did and get a makeover because I'm trying to get ready for my 20th high school reunion and I came out looking like a mother-tucking dog. - Mm-mm, mm-mm. - Okay, show us. Take it off. Just take it off. - Okay, okay. I feel like a stripper. - Oh. (audience laughs) - I look like a dog. - That's couture. - I was going to the mall to get a cute dress for the reunion, and they wouldn't even let me in the store because I wasn't a service animal. (audience laughing) I waited 20 years to come back looking like the sexy, hot bitch. And now, I just look like a freakin' bitch. (audience laughs) - What do you want? - I want $5,000. - Do you know how many dresses at Wet Seal I could get with $5,000? - I do. - $5,000 for damages and $11.75 for this flea collar that she somehow bamboozled me into purchasing. Even though it's not even my color. (audience laughing) I look like (beep). - You prostitution labrador, how dare you? - You two disgust me! You get out of here, both of you. Get out! Case dismissed. You and that ratchet-ass dog. - Her name is Panini. - Go. - How dare you? - I need my $5,000. - Ricotta Fromunda- - Your Highness- - You, gone! - You're not getting the $5,000. - I want my $5,000. Arf, arf, arf. - Case dismissed. I am not scared of you. - I want my $5,000. - [Voiceover] This is the plaintiff. She's suing a bakery owner for ruining her wedding with a disrespectful dessert. This is the defendant. She claims that when it comes to serving cakes, she never disappoints. - You guys swear to tell the truth? If not, I'll put a hit out on you. - For sure. - Got it. - All right, plaintiff, what's your name? - My name is Anastasia Ravioli Ragu. Yes, I'm a part of the Ragu family. I got married last Friday. - How old are you? - I'm 26. - 26, okay. You're getting married at 26. Good for you. - Yeah! Can't look like this forever. (audience laughing) - So why are you here, Anastasia? - So the defendant, family friend. Went to school with her daughter. She owns a bakery. I said, "Oh, my God, I'm getting married." She's black, I'm black. I support black businesses. It'll be great, you know, upbringing the community. And I tell her that I want the cake to say "Anastasia and Bobby, true love forever." - Okay. - What I get the day of, horrible train wreck, like sabotaged and booby-trapped. What the hell? I don't know. - Is that the cake right there? - This is the cake right here. - I'm watching Latrice keeping quiet and just kind of letting Monique steal the focus. This was her chance to have her redemption from her Snatch Game. Latrice has to bring it times two, times 10. - So first of all, your honor, she puts white people on the cake. (audience laughing) Where's the tanner? Oh, my gosh. It says "Lisa". My name's Anastasia. - Oh, boy. Okay. - So it says, "Lisa is a total skank and everyone knows it." They call her a door knob. A door knob? - Everybody gets a turn? - Ah. So, your honor, I'm suing for $500, the price of the cake. But then also, I want an additional 5,000. - For? - Pain and suffering. - Okay. - Emotional distress. I was called a whore, a doorknob. She's over there looking like a big butter turkey ball. Like, what's going on? - Monique Heart. Manila Luzon. (suspenseful music) You're the top two All Stars of the week. (all applauding) Friends and loved ones, to pay tribute to the Lady Bunny, please welcome Monét X Change. (Monét sighs) (all laughing) - Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to celebrate the life, liberty, and illiteracy of our dear friend, Lady Bunny. (all laughing) Many know her as Lady Bunny but I like to go by her original drag name, Methuselah. (all laughing) Or as they know her down at the clinic, Patient Zero. (all laughing) She was often called the Beyoncé of drag, not because she was rich and beautiful and famous, but because she looked like she was carrying twins. (all laughing) Look at that big bloated bitch in that box. (all laughing) Have you ever seen her out of drag? Anybody? Category is Ben Franklin (beep) the Michelin Man. Amen. - Ooh! (all laughing) - You know, this reminds me of a story when we all went on tour. Bunny expressed that she wanted to eat a little Mexican. (sniffles) Poor little Valentina didn't stand a chance. (all laughing) - Oh! (all laughing) Dearly beloved, and Michelle Visage. (all laughing) At least our poor Lady Bunny met her fateful demise doing something she loved, when she choked to death at a hotdog-eating contest. (all laughing) When the doctors performed the autopsy, they found that she was full of seamen and the aircraft carrier that they served on. (all laughing) Here, I have Lady Bunny's last will and testicle. (all laughing) To Trinity the Tuck, the Lady Bunny has left her biggest synthetic wig to you that she melted down so you can inject it directly into your ass. (all laughing) Monique Heart, the Lady Bunny leaves you her crusty, dusty old lashes, because she thought you needed a newer pair. (all laughing) And last but not least, to Lady Bunny's oldest friend, RuPaul, Lady Bunny wants you to know that finally, you're the pretty one. (all laughing) Thank you guys so much for coming and enjoying our obituary, or, in her terms, "oh bitch, you hairy". (all laughing) Thank you. (all applauding) - [RuPaul] First up, Monét X Change. - [Cecily] Someone's gotta tell her she's got toilet paper in her shoe. (all laughing) - I'm bringing my own runway to the runway. This little train? Ha, whatever bitch. - Oh. - Oh. - I'm so (beep) holy, bitch, that I am stigmata the house down boots. I feel like I'm giving you Saint X Change. - [Ross] Another bleeding heart liberal. - [RuPaul] Yeah. (laughs) - [Michelle] Thank God! Forgive me, Father, for I have stunned. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Say three Hail Marys and call me in the morning. (all laughing) Manila Luzon. - [Michelle] Well, this is from my era, the Hades. (all laughing) - [Ross] Gladiator. (all laughing) - [Manila] I'm serving angelic fresco on the ceiling of a church. I'm giving you Aphrodite, cherubs, and baroque art. I feel like I'm serving legs for days and blonde bombshell Grecian fantasy. If you don't like my angelic look, then I'll see you in hell. - [Michelle] That bell cherubs me the wrong way. (all laughing) - [Ross] Oh, she's having twins. (all laughing) ♪ She's a super queen ♪ - Manila Luzon. Monét X Change. (suspenseful music) Con-drag-ulations, you are the top two All Stars of the week. (all applauding) (upbeat music) - [Naomi] Get ready to lip sync for your life. - Boo! (queens scream) Look behind you. - I have died and gone to hell. - Um, let me just get this out of the way. I'm not even like upset with the fact that you sent me home. What bothered me was that I can handle the truth, and I felt like when you were giving your reasoning for sending me home, that it was disingenuous and that it wasn't the real, whole truth. - It was. - I just didn't get that. - The person I chose, they are sickening, they really do give you the ooh-ah-ah sensation. - I knew that this is your friend, and at all costs, you were gonna save your friend. - Lies. - Baby. - Lies. - Baby. - Lies. I was just trying to play fair. There was nothing shady under my belt. - Like I said, I don't have any hard feelings and I'm definitely not mad. Because, guess what? - You're back. - There you go. - Stunning. - And I'm about to be seen. I'm gonna be falling out, jumping up and doing jumping jacks, high kicks, whatever the fuck I need to do to make sure that I'm here till the end. - Let the games begin. - [Monique] Hallejah. (Monét laughs) - Am I going back to my old apartment? Ooh, girl. It just got fierce up in here. Now don't get it twisted. I have no hard feelings towards Monique. However, you did what you did, so it's time to show you what mama's made of. - Well, they always come back with something to prove. That's the thing. - Let it be known, Latrice mother(beep) Royale is back, and she's here to win this crown. America. Okay? Very that. (suspenseful music) Love you, mean it. - Two All Stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from a final elimination. (suspenseful music) The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. (suspenseful music) - This is our Super Bowl. This is the gay Super Bowl. - I'm just in my battle costume, honey, and these boots are made for stomping a mud hole in this bitch's ass, baby. She ain't felt the ass-kicking she about to get. - Good luck and do not (beep) it up. ♪ Pick myself up, turn the world on its head ♪ ♪ Don't forget what, don't forget what my mama said ♪ ♪ People talking since the beginning of time ♪ ♪ Unless they paying your bills ♪ ♪ Pay them bitches no mind ♪ ♪ And if I fly or if I fall ♪ ♪ Least I can say, I gave it all ♪ ♪ And if I fly or if I fall ♪ ♪ I'm on my way, I'm on my way ♪ ♪ Fly, fly, fly, fly ♪ ♪ Uh-oh, uh-oh ♪ ♪ Fly, fly, fly, fly ♪ ♪ Uh-oh, uh-oh ♪ ♪ Fly, fly, fly, fly ♪ ♪ Uh-oh, uh-oh ♪ ♪ Fly, fly, fly, fly ♪ ♪ Uh-oh ♪ ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ (all cheering) - Come on, Latrice! - Woo! - Oh! - Woo! - Woo! ♪ Better beware ♪ ♪ Ain't no T, ain't no shade ♪ ♪ But at the same time ♪ ♪ Bitches better get out the way ♪ ♪ I'm a femme queen, mother of a house of no shame ♪ ♪ My pussy is on fire, now kiss the flame ♪ ♪ And if I fly or if I fall ♪ ♪ I'm on my way, I'm on my way ♪ ♪ Fly, fly, fly, fly ♪ ♪ Uh-oh, uh-oh ♪ ♪ Fly, fly, fly, fly ♪ ♪ Uh-oh, uh-oh ♪ ♪ Fly, fly, fly, fly ♪ ♪ Uh-oh, uh-oh ♪ ♪ Fly, fly, fly, fly ♪ ♪ Uh-oh ♪ ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ - Oh! Oh, Lord! Hey! - Stunt queen! - Both of these bitches are slaying this song. Like, I don't know who's gonna stay and who's gonna go. (all applauding) - Bravo! - Okay! - Wow! - Okay. - Werk, ladies. - I know I peed all over that damn floor. But I don't know. Is it good enough for Ru? - Honey, I left everything all on the runway. I fought for what was mine and was stripped away. - Ladies, I've made my decision. Latrice Royale, shantay you stay. - Latrice Royale is back in the game! - Welcome back to the competition. - Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. - Gag, bitch. - My heart is just overwhelmed that I'm so glad to get back in here and fight for what's mine. And I'm so honored and pleased. Thank you. - You may join the other girls. (queens clapping) Monique Heart, you are are and will always be an All Star. Oh, and one more thing, shantay, you stay. (queens cheer) - Yes! - Yes! - Are you ready to make a club? - Yeah, girl, I'm so excited. This week, we get to design our own legendary club night. I'm paired with Naomi Smalls. This is gonna be the perfect match. We're both young, we're both fashion, we're both fun. Well, is she fun? You're glam. I'm glam. They're old. We're young. You're skinny. I'm sometimes skinny when I want to, when I'm not drinking too many French vanilla fantasy. (Valentina slurping) Ah! What if the theme is being a model? - Club Diva where you can be queen for the night. - Divas, divas... - 'Cause you too should feel like a queen. - There are so many aspects of this challenge. Is this a design challenge? Is it a comedy challenge? Is it a promoter challenge, or is it a host challenge? It's all of it. The way my mind is going and the way that I'm feeling is too many things at once. - Our decor... Let's keep it really fresh and modern. - Fresh, modern, clean. - Interior illusions lounge meets- - Modern day disco. - Ooh, I like that. - Let's have like a nod to Studio 54. - So 54, we can use a number. What's the best number to use? - Uh, 69? - 69. Cue the rolling eyes. - Yeah, it could be a little too expected. (Valentina gasps) (Naomi laughs) - Oh, my God. Let me take a sip of my French vanilla fantasy. Okay, bitch, I just felt the fantasy. Hold up. Hold up, hold up. (Valentina slurps) - Valentina lives in a whole another world where it's run by French vanilla fantasy, champagne and red M&Ms. I'm entertained by all the weirdness. But the fact that we've never worked together is kinda scary. And I'm not sure how this is gonna turn out. - [RuPaul] First, let's get lost in The Black Hole with Monét X Change and Monique Heart. (upbeat electronic music) - Hello, world. - Hello, America. - My name is Monique Heart. - And I'm Monét X Change. - And welcome to The Black Hole! - When you think of a black hole, no one knows what's there. So we wanted to do a party that really personifies the mystery, the unexpected. - The design and the aesthetic, very space, very intergalactic and futuristic. - We wanted to align the walls with stars and galaxies and planets. You know what I mean? We have Saturn, we have Pluto, and we have her anus. - I thought it was yours? - No, yours, bitch. - Okay, well I saw yours last week at The Black Hole, girl. - [RuPaul] Next, let's get glam, slam, thank you ma'am at Club 96 with Naomi Smalls and Valentina. (upbeat electronic music) - Welcome to Club 96, a place for the fashion aware. Feel free to gawk, feel free to stare. Club 96. I'm your hostess, Naomi Smalls. - And I'm Vivi. We're tall, we're skinny, and we're high-fashion glamour couture the house down boots, mama, yes. (tongue pops) - Club 96. - Why Club- - Why Club 96? 1996, girl, amazing time for fashion. Pastels shown in fall. - Paco Rabanne custom couture. They're not just a work of art, they're a mathematical equation. - Isaac Mizrahi before foreclosure. - Club 96. - [RuPaul] Let's follow the swarm and see what's buzzing at Club Hive with Manila Luzon, Latrice Royale, and Trinity the Tuck. (upbeat music) - Oh, honey! I'm your girl, Latrice Royale, and welcome to Club Hive, darling. - Yes! - Yeah! - Yes, this is New York City's sweetest hotspot. Come on in and let's see what all the buzz is about. As you see here at Club Hive, we are a sprawling luxurious space of 20 x 16 feet. Lovely area for our community to dwell, feel their fantasy, and just bee, honey. - We need one more volunteer. Anybody? You look smart. Come- Ooh. Come here, sir. (all laughing) Your flower smells pretty, boy. If you spell the word wrong, girl, you're taking it off, honey. Your word is "erythromycin". (all laughing) - Oh, my God. Can you use it in a sentence? - Sure, I can. After you leave this evening with Carson, you're gonna need to go to the clinic tomorrow and get you some erythromycin. (all laughing) - I have some with me. (all laughing) - A. (buzzer sound) - Absolutely not. Take it off. Deflower, deflower. It's a lose for you, but a win for us. Yes! Such a large stinger. - Category is Plastique Fantastique. Latrice Royale. - [Michelle] It takes a lot of balls to pull this dress off. - [Latrice] I'm wearing all latex with a big ponytail of balls from top all the way to the floor. That's a lot of balls. - [Carson] That reminds me, I've got to get a colonoscopy. - [Michelle] Oh, no. - [RuPaul] Manila Luzon. Package for Miss Luzon. - I love cellophane. It's got so much form, it's clear, it's lightweight. You can sculpt it. I am sickening. - [Rita] I love a fruit bowl. (RuPaul laughs) - [Michelle] Don't we all? - [RuPaul] Trinity the Tuck. - [Michelle] Way to burst my bubble. - [Trinity] I look like a big splash of bubble gum paint, bitch. Get a little taste. - [RuPaul] You know that gum you swallowed when you were seven years old? - [Michelle] Yes. - [RuPaul] Well, it's walking the runway. (all laughing) Naomi Smalls. - [Michelle] Her favorite sport is- - Discus. - Thank you. (all laughing) - [Naomi] This look is painful. It is heavy. But if you're looking good, it's worth it. - [Carson] Oh, careful, you're gonna get a slipped disc. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Valentina. She's a Barbie girl living in Venezuela. (all laughing) - [Valentina] Valentina is a Little Miss Venezuela. I am the look, I am the character, I am the persona, and I'm so ready to deliver the fantasy, all of it. - [RuPaul] She's so life-like. (Michelle laughs) - [Susanne] Now, with Double D batteries. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Monét X Change. Don't get mad, get gladiator. (Michelle laughs) - [Monét] I'm giving you intergalactic, futuristic warrior, fighting off wayward alien drag queens. - [Carson] Gladiator before someone else did. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Monique Heart. - [Carson] She's got bananas coming out of her yin yang. (all laughing) - [Monique] My Plastique Fantastique look is inspired by Josephine Baker. I wanted to elevate it and make it a little bit more futuristic. - [RuPaul] Now, that's what I call a low-hanging fruit. (all laughing) ♪ She's a super queen ♪ Latrice Royale. Trinity the Tuck. Con-drag-ulations, you are the top two All Stars of the week. - Oh, my God. - Thank you. - So, for this week's maxi challenge, you'll be making over your best Judys. - Ah! - What? - Oh, gosh! - My heart just sank, bitch. - And here they are. Let's say hello to Naomi's best Judy, Ricardo. - Ah! Shut up. - Clicked my heels three times and I'm here. - I'm so excited to see Ricardo. Hi. (laughs) Oh, he's like the best person ever. He has been there since the birth of Naomi when- before Naomi was even using setting powder. (gags) (both laughing) - Let's say hello to Monique's best Judy, Danny. Come on out, Danny. (Monique screams) - Girl, you got a mustache. - I do. - Monét's best Judy, Patty. - Ah! Patty! - You don't call, you don't text. - Patty! - Everybody's so hairy. - And Latrice's best Judy, Tim. - No, ma'am, Pam. Oh, my God. Yes! Oh, my God. - Trinity's best Judy, Leo. (Trinity gasps) - Hi, honey. I'm home. - It's my boyfriend. - Aw. - Oh. - [Trinity] Leo really is my best friend. He is my partner. I've missed him so much. - Aw, that's so sweet. - [Latrice] All right now, PG-13, honey. - I think they're closer friends than we thought. - Yeah. (all laughing) - And speaking of close, Manila's best Judy, Michael is here. - Sorpresa! - Ah! Come here. Hi, honey. Oh, my God. It's my husband. My brand new husband, Michael. Oh (beep) you guys. (laughs) - Hi Michael. - Ciao, hola. - All Stars, each of you needs to transform your best Judy into your very own drag sister. Family resemblance required. Naomi Smalls and Extra Smalls. - [Michelle] Ooh. - [Ellen] Gypsies, tramps, and thieves. (RuPaul laughs) - [Naomi] My runway look is full-on Cher fantasy. - [Michelle] Ooh. Just got a lot Sonny-er. - [Carson] She's giving me a Bono. (all laughing) - [Naomi] My Sonny look is kind of feminine because he was kind of feminine, and the '70s were a great time for androgyny. I could just show off my wife Cher, and what's a better way to honor than through love? Stupid. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Monét X Change and Patty Cash. Monét, you look like the mother of a Solid Gold dancer. - [Frances] Stay golden, kitty girl. - [Carson] Well, I know who wears the pants in this family. (all laughing) - [Monét] We are serving New York City's finest. She's giving you a little Dita Von Teese. I'm giving you a little black chocolate Judy Garland, honey. We look good. I feel like we look expensive. And we both have the X Change family secret, a big ol' booty. - [Frances] There's gold in them there cheeks. (all laughing) ♪ She's a super queen ♪ - Monét X Change. Naomi Smalls. Con-drag-ulations, you are the top two All Stars of the week. - First of all, congratulations on your win. I'm really proud of you. - Thank you so much. And thank you so much for the damn mustache. (both laughing) Legit. Thank you for making it possible. - I'm so happy that I was able to use it. Well, I wasn't expecting to be here today, so I'm a little gagged. But with so few girls, just any little thing can land you in the bottom. I mean, it was bound to happen after a certain point. - You've been slaying the competition though. - With the- thank you. - I grew up watching Manila Luzon. Like, I first started watching "RuPaul's Drag Race" when I was in junior high and that's when Manila was on her first season. So it's (beep) wild to be in this position. What's it feel like being in the bottom with Latrice? - It's painful because I don't want Latrice to go home, obviously. But now it's come to like, okay, well, if I'm going to pick between my friend and myself, I have to fight for myself. So I would love to still be here. This is my first time here in the bottom. I've been slaying the competition. I know I'm big competition. - Right. - Naomi and Monét have a choice right now. They can get rid of their biggest competition or they can keep me in the game and fight with the biggest, the baddest, and the best. So it's going to be up to them to decide how they wanna play this game. If this is my last day here in Drag Race ever, I know that I still have my life that goes on, you know? And I have a great life and I'm blessed, you know? And... - Manila, I seriously love you so much, and I look up to you so much. It's crazy that we're even in this (beep) predicament. Your work just speaks for you, and your track record speaks for you. Honestly, you're a legend. - Thank you. (suspenseful music) - The time has come for you to lip sync for your legacy. Good luck and don't (beep) it up. ♪ I'm gonna love you like nobody's loved you ♪ ♪ Come rain or come shine ♪ ♪ Let me love you ♪ ♪ Come rain or come shine ♪ (RuPaul laughs) - I am not even watching anybody other than Naomi Smalls. Oh, young children, take a note, bitch. This is how you do it. ♪ Come rain or shine ♪ (RuPaul laughs) - Yes, yes, yes! - Wow! - Ooh. - Wow. - Ladies, I've made my decision. (suspenseful music) Naomi Smalls, you are a winner, baby. (all applauding) - Yeah! - Thank you so much. - I'm so happy for her. - Con-drag-ulations, you've earned a cash tip of $10,000. - Cha-ching, cha-ching. (all applauding) - Monét X Change, you are safe. You may join the other girls. Now, will the bottom two queens please step forward? (suspenseful music) Naomi Smalls, with great power comes great responsibility. Which queen have you chosen to get the chop? - The queen I've chosen to get the chop tonight, in this competition, you taught me to believe in myself when I didn't actually believe in myself. And I really, really, greatly appreciate you for that and I'm so sorry that I have to send home (suspenseful music) Manila. - Oh! - Manila Luzon, as it is written, so it shall be done. You are and will always be an All Star. Now, sashay away. - [Monét] I love you, bitch. - Bye guys. Kill it. Oh, um, correction, Ru. That's "always will be a double All Star". (all laughing) - Okay! - See you guys later. - [Latrice] Love you! - I don't know what I think about me being eliminated tonight. It's a lot to process especially this late in the game after I've been doing so well. But these queens have to do what's best for their game, just the same way that I was doing the best for my game. Um, it was a great- Oh, hey, baby. - You're my winner. And I have chicken dinner waiting for us at home. - I have so many other blessings but this still definitely sucks because this has been a dream of mine for a really long time. - My husband, my wife, my partner in life has always been a winner. - Okay, I just got to just get it all out. Just get it out, bitch. - Get it out, bitch. First of all, I'm like, I'm gagged- - [Monique] The goopery. - That Manila is gone. Like, I was like this bitch was her first time in the bottom and she'd won the most challenges. - The goop. No, bitch, we were... (Monét laughs) - Manila deserves to be in the competition to the... Like, so far to the end. - According to her track record. - Her track record. - Girl, I'm just gagged. I definitely think that up until now, the eliminations have been pretty fair. But now it's all out the window. I mean, girl, Manila just got ran over. Bitch. I just gotta get comfortable. (all laughing) - [Naomi] Let's get serious. - Okay, shady princess. Like, what was your reasoning? - I think a lot of different reasons. Yes, Manila has been doing so well in the competition, but I don't know if she necessarily has my back. I sent Manila home because I wanted to. Manila was crazy competition and that's dope but I decided to save Latrice 'cause I owe it to her, she saved my ass last week. If it looks shady, so be it. I have a close relationship with you so I chose you. - Thank you so much. - I love you. - Thank you so much. I love you too. - How do you feel about Manila going home when she was a wreck because she couldn't save you? - And bitch, we mean a wreck. She was sobbing. - Sashay away. - Thank you all. (queens clapping) (Manila sobbing) - I mean, like... - You wanna win, bitch. (beep) that. Say it. - I do. I know, I wanna win. - Say that. But I really, really saw her here with me through to the end. You know what I mean? It comes down to someone has to go, and if it's me or her, like, you know, of course, I want to stay. My love has never wavered for her. I just, we can't have it both ways. - I want to know who Monét picked. - Yes, bitch. It's tax season. Show the receipts. - I chose Manila's ass too. (all screaming) - Wow! - Manila shaded me. - [Manila] I'm sorry, girl. - And even though we have resolved our issues and we spoke, bitch, I'm a petty bitch from Brooklyn. I hold on to grudges. - #TeamPettyBitch! - I'm petty, girl. Manila played a shady game and it got her out, girl. Like, she was willing to send me home to save her friend. So I am not hesitant to show these girls this lipstick. I wish I would have done it onstage. I would not have given a backstory. No explanation. This my lipstick. - Look, hold up, okay. I'm just... I'm just like all kinds of everywhere. - I think that you are living for this. - She's living! She's living for it. - No! - She loves the drama. - No. Listen. This is shady. This is some shade- - No, it's not shady. - No, listen. Let me finish what I'm saying. You are a (beep) shady bitch for doing that. - Why? - And you're a (beep) shady bitch for doing that. But thank you so much. (all laughing) - I think we're realizing that this competition now we're not gonna be judging it fairly. Because what's fair? - Right. - Life's not fair. - Life's not fair. - Get used to it. - So bitch, good luck. And you cross me, you going home next. Just to be clear. - I'm nervous. I'm nervous. Manila went home 'cause she was competition. And at this point, I am tied with Monét for the most wins in the competition. So girl, I might be next on the chopping block. - Hey-ya! - Do you like my look? It's Dolce and Gabbozo. - Listen, if it's gonna help me snag the all important clown vote, why not? - Can I smoke in here? - Well, if it isn't the insane clown posse. Get a load of my insane clown pussy. - Cut. You? What are you doing here? - I couldn't resist a clown theme. I mean, who doesn't love a big top? - Ugh. - Oops. I did it again. (gasps) - Monique Heart. Trinity the Tuck. Con-drag-ulations, you are the top two All Stars of the week. (all applauding) (upbeat guitar music) ♪ Hey, hey ♪ ♪ She's here to set the bar ♪ ♪ To shine her all star ♪ ♪ Ain't takin' names 'cause she's a bad bitch, yeah ♪ ♪ When they don't know what's up ♪ ♪ Prepare to soak it up ♪ ♪ It's clear she's here and she's a savage, mhm ♪ ♪ She popping, she dipping, she spinning, rockstar ♪ ♪ She dropping, she flipping, she winning so hard ♪ ♪ You better believe that the power is real ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Never miss a beat ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Landing on her feet, hey, hey, hey ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Turning up the heat ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Flawless victory, yeah ♪ ♪ When she walks in, into the club ♪ ♪ Hits the stage, grab the mic, work the crowd-pool ♪ ♪ She's enticing, mesmerizing ♪ ♪ And she got the whole club raging ♪ ♪ She's a hot girl, not a thot girl ♪ ♪ More than just a one night stand girl ♪ ♪ She is classy, never ashy ♪ ♪ Only ballers in her VIP ♪ ♪ She popping, she dipping, she spinning, rockstar ♪ ♪ She dropping, she flipping, she winning so hard ♪ ♪ You better believe that the power is real ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Never miss a beat ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Landing on her feet, hey, hey, hey ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Turning up the heat ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Flawless victory, yeah ♪ ♪ Legs up in the sky, you'll see ♪ ♪ Lips pumped like the old Kylie ♪ ♪ Not elastic, bitch ♪ ♪ But, damn, them thighs, they really do stretch ♪ ♪ Pose, serve, now work ♪ ♪ Giving body, no curves ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Never miss a beat, hey, hey ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Landing on her feet, oh, oh ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Turning up the heat, hey, hey ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Baby, baby, baby, oh ♪ ♪ One, two, three, four ♪ ♪ She walks the fashion when it hits the floor ♪ ♪ Five, seven, back to six ♪ ♪ She's got the talent, don't need the splits ♪ ♪ Eight, nine, and she's giving you tens ♪ ♪ Let's see the finals scores, bitch, it's Trin for the win ♪ ♪ She's got the tucking moves with the looks so lean ♪ ♪ You already know her name, she's a super queen ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Never miss a beat, hey, hey ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Landing on her feet, oh, oh ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Turning up the heat ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey, oh ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Take it to the top, you know she turning it out ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Making jaws drop, don't stop, that's what it's about ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Pussy gonna pop, this bop, she rockin' the crowd ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey, oh ♪ ♪ She's a super queen, super queen ♪ - Category is All Star Eleganza. First up, Monét X Change. Now starring in The Color Purple. - [Michelle] La-fern and Shirley. (all laughing) - [Ross] Leaf her alone. - For this All Star Eleganza, I wanted to give black opulence and show how gorgeous African silks can be with the stoning and the beading work. And with this beautiful dreadlock updo, I feel really strong, really powerful. And I feel like a (beep) winner, girl. - [Carson] I'm quite frond of this. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Wakanda forever. Black, black, black again. - [Ross] Aw, she's in glove. - My look is very very couture. I feel gorgeous, I feel expensive, I feel regal. I feel like this is a good wig to have that crown put on. So (tongue pops), she's ready. - [Michelle] I think the crop is ready. - [Todrick] She's walking in a crop circle. (Michelle laughs) - Aw, shucks. (all laughing) - [Ross] What to wear when your elbows are fat. (all laughing) - [Michelle] Guys, this could get meshy. (all laughing) - [RuPaul] Ooh. - She skirted the issue. - She did. (RuPaul laughs) - This is Naomi Smalls at her highest form. I am shining from head to toe. I am looking rich, bitch. I am looking opulent. I own everything. - [RuPaul] Oh, she's gonna take the train home. (all laughing) - [Ross] Better hurry, that's a midnight train to Georgia. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Dress by Vivian Wedgwood. - [Michelle] Wedgwood you if you could? (all laughing) - Ooh. - Oh. - [Carson] Well, I thought she was an A cup but she's obviously a tea cup. - Walking down the runway for the final time, I feel stunning. My gown is absolutely incredible, and I don't think I've ever felt better in my life. You wanted some tea? Well, you're in luck. 'Cause tonight is piping hot. - [Michelle] And there's her saucer. - [Carson] Tea? Party of two. - Oh, she's using the good china. Welcome back, ladies. Based on your performances tonight, and throughout this competition, I've made some decisions. (suspenseful music) Monét X Change. Trinity the Tuck. Con-drag-ulations, you are the top two All Stars of the season. (all applauding) Monique Heart. Naomi Smalls. I'm sorry, my dears. This is not your time. But you are and will always be All Stars. Would you please step to the back of the stage? (all applauding) - I'm leaving here with my head held high. I feel like I really proved to myself that I can compete against the best of the best. Naomi Smalls is going to continue to grow and continue to surprise you and take over the motherfuckin world, bitch. (chuckles) - I'm extremely proud of myself. I said I was here to reclaim my time and I did. I didn't snatch the crown but I was close to it. But it is not the end of my story and I know it. - Monét. Trinity. There's only one thing standing between you and the Drag Race Hall of Fame. Two top All Stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and to prove to the world you belong in the Drag Race Hall of Fame. The time has come for you to lip sync for your legacy. - I am super close to winning this whole competition, girl. It's just a lip sync stands between me and a crown, a scepter, and $100,000. I can taste the crown and I want it. - Everything in my life has led me up to this moment. I'm so close to my dream. And I'm about to jump through whatever fiery hoop I have to, bitch, because I'm not leaving without this crown. - Good luck and don't (beep) it up. ♪ After all you put me through ♪ ♪ You'd think I'd despise you ♪ ♪ But in the end, I wanna thank you ♪ ♪ 'Cause you made me that much stronger ♪ ♪ But in the end you'll see ♪ ♪ You won't stop me ♪ ♪ I am a fighter (I'm a fighter) ♪ ♪ I ain't gon' stop (I ain't gonna stop) ♪ ♪ There is no turning back ♪ ♪ I've had enough ♪ ♪ Makes me that much stronger ♪ ♪ Makes me work a little bit harder (oh) ♪ ♪ It makes me that much wiser (oh yeah, oh yeah) ♪ ♪ So thanks for making me a fighter ♪ ♪ Made me learn a little bit faster ♪ ♪ Made my skin a little bit thicker ♪ ♪ Makes me that much smarter ♪ ♪ So thanks for making me a fighter ♪ - Woo! (all cheering) Wow! Wow. Amazing. Ladies, I've made my decision. But first, from the Drag Race Hall of Fame, please welcome Chad Michaels, Alaska, and Trixie Mattel. The winner of "RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars" will win a crown and scepter from Fierce Drag Jewels and $100,000. The time has come to crown our queen. Monét X Change. Trinity the Tuck. The next All Star to be inducted into the Drag Race Hall of Fame is... For the first time in All Stars herstory, you are both winners, baby. We have a tie. Winner, winner, two chicken dinners. You each win $100,000. - Oh, my God. Yes. (all applauding) - The world is watching, Monét. What do you have to say? - This is further proof that long live the sponge, Michelle! (all laughing) - Congratulations. - Thank you. Yes! - Trinity, is there anything you'd like to say? - Girl, money can't buy everything. But is sure can pay for a lot of plastic surgery, bitch. (all laughing) Botox, here I come. - All right. Now, prance queen. Prance, I said. (RuPaul laughs) ♪ You're a champion ♪ ♪ Never gonna fall ♪ ♪ You're champions ♪ - To everyone who has underestimated the power of Monét X Change, this is the boo-yah moment, girl. This is when you are eating your words, and you are realizing that Monét X Change is a fierce queen. This feels so good. It feels right. And bitch, I got $100,000. My exchange rate is about to skyrocket, girl. ♪ And you'll always be a hero ♪ ♪ You're a champion ♪ - This competition has pushed me more than I have ever been pushed before. I came here to finish what I started. And bitch, I won. It just feels great to hear those words. Trinity the Tuck, All Stars 4 winner. Where's my picture? Hang her up. $100,000 and a crown, bitch. (RuPaul laughs) - [Monét] Yes! - Now, remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell are you gonna love somebody else. Can I get an amen up in here? - [All] Amen. - All right. Now, let the music play. (upbeat pop music) - Did somebody order a hooker? (Pandora laughing) Ugh. My biggest weakness last time was that I truly didn't believe in myself. This time around it's gonna be different because I'm fabulous. - Pow! Like that. - Latrice (beep) Royale. You look gorgeous. - You look gorgeous. Pandora Boxx looks stunning in her black and white. She stepped it up. Girl, I wanna know who they gon' bring up in here. (Pandora chuckling) There's a lot of attitudes and a lot divas. Pandora and I, we are Miss Congeniality, so I'm waitin' to see what bitches lurk behind the door. (Yara cackling) - Yeeeeeees, mami! - [Latrice] Yara Sofia. - La perra's in the house! - Zanier than ever. - Miss Congeniality. - Hi enchilada. (Pandora giggling) - I don't think you have on enough jewelry, bitch. - I look like Puerto Rico's very own jail Barbie. (queens laughing) Yes. - Hello, hello. - Oh. - Heeeey! - What's up? Do you like it? - [Latrice] It's a little somethin' somethin', girl. That bitch has on everything. - Something subtle for the daytime. - You know, you know. - Let's do this, bitches. (queens cheering) All-Stars! - Yes, baby! - I know the four queens sitting there as I walk in are thinking, "this bitch looks good." - [Shannel] Love your dress. - Raven walked in from a cocktail party, it looks like. Thanks for trying, girl. - The jig is up, bitches. - [Queens] Ohhhhh! - Look at you all cross-dressers looking cute. (Latrice cackling) - Happy Hunger Games, bitches. - [Queens] Ohhhhh! - Alright, competition's on. - Hold on, I'm getting a call on my Bluetooth. It's Sharon. You what? You wanna give you my $100,000 back? (queens laughing) - Watching Chad play with his little earring, I'm thinking, "this bitch is kinda bitter." - [Queens] Ohhhh. - See, this is how you do drag, girls. - As soon as Manila was in the room, I still know that Manila is annoying. - Oh, I'm so glad you covered up your face. (Alexis chuckling) - Ahhh! Life is like a paycheck, a generous figure is always nice. - [Latrice] Liza Minnelli! Are you kidding me? - Get the (beep) outta here. - Mimi (beep) Imfurst walks up in this bitch. Why? - Someone's gotta go home first. (queens laughing) - I think people are surprised to see me, but I look good. - Loca! Loca! Loca! (queens cheering) I love it! - Nina Flowers is a legend. I just love to look at Nina, she's like eye candy. - Bitches, we're making history. Okay? (Nina laughing) - Ahhh! (queens cheering) - Jujubee's here! And she's lookin' hot in some red hair. - I (beep) miss you, bitch. I feel a little underdressed. I look like I work at the mall compared to you guys. (queens laughing) - You do, girl. (Manila chuckling) - Oh, bitch. - Tootsie loo! - [Jujubee] Hey, look who's here! (queens clapping) - I am huge Tammie Brown fan and I love that little ... Girl, makes me queef. - Now, my dears, on your own none of you were able to reach the top. So, this time around you'll need to add an S to your charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent. And the S stands for synergy. That's right. Starting today, you'll be competing as teams of two. - [Latrice] O.M.G. (beep) (Alexis laughing) - What? - You'll be judged together from challenge to lip-sync, and if one of you fails, you both go home. - Oh God! - [Latrice] What? - The ultimate shaaaaaade of it all. - I really came back to All-Stars to prove something, and now it all depends on somebody else. - Jujubee and Raven. Hit it. - Alright. Juju and I are gonna do dressed and undressed. - [RuPaul] Okay. Alright. (RuPaul chuckling) - Why the (beep) did I nominate myself to be naked? - I can see your penis. - [RuPaul] Give us that fashion, darling. High fashion, ladies. - I'm strugglin'. It's slippery. This (beep) is hard, girl. - [RuPaul] You are serving moon river. - I've got rain in my eyes. I've got rain in my shoes. I'm getting black rain in my brown flower. - This is the second time I've lost my lashes. (Shawn laughing) - Latrice Royale, Manila Luzon. - [Latrice] Ooh, you heard that crack? (RuPaul laughing) - Photo shoots, not my forte. We're gonna be wet on top of this? That's not glamorous, bitch. - [Manila] You okay? - Oh dear. - Ooh, I can't see. - Work through it, girl. Work through it. - Yes, you're a high fashion model. Black rain! Why it gotta be black? Couture meets cooter. Hurricane Latrice has just hit Manila. - Oh! Hallelujah! - Girl! Did I tell you? The challenge was kind of a hot mess, so this could be not good. - Will the following teams please step forward: Rujubee, Latrila. Your teams represent the very best of the week. Rujubee, your Half-Baked photo magnified your beauty, and your Opposites Attract photo, it really took balls. (queens laughing) Latrila, your Half-Baked photo is riveting, and your Opposites Attract photo is dripping with opulence. Latrice and Manila, you are the winners of this week's All-Star challenge. (Manila and Latrice cheering) - Bitch, work! Owww! Manila and I won the first challenge. Eat it! (Latrice laughing) - I have a question. We were in the Gold Bar talking about this. What's the beef between you and Alexis? (tense music) - I lost my job because of Mimi taking over my whole bar. I respect because it was not your decision, it was the bar owner, but I feel betrayed. I think, personally, I'm sorry, all these girls are better than you. (dramatic shady music) - But, but, but here's the thing, this was, if we're gonna get personal, we'll get personal. When any employer approaches any of us and says, "do you want this job, are you gonna take the job?" I had no idea that he let you go. And if you have a problem with it, you come to me first, girl. - No, I don't have a problem - - [Mimi] No, no, no - No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Shhh, I listened to you, and now you're gonna listen to me for one hot minute. - [Alexis] Okay. - This is my problem with it. - Act a fool, girl. - I'm here - (dramatic shady music) - Act a fool. - We are living in a world where people look at us like we're freaks. - Ha! Ha! I'm acting. - Why are we sitting here bullying each other? I think it's highly inappropriate. - [Shannel] No, baby. - [Manila] We're not bullying each other. - [Chad] We are not bulling. - [Manila] We are having an open discussion. This is not bullying. - Everybody shut up. - (beep) shenanigans. I did not sign up for this. - Wait a minute, how did you not know what you were signing up for? You already did this, girl. - Oh! Well, come on, Teletubbie, teleport us to Mars! - What the (beep)? Is, is this bitch for real? - I did not sign up for something... No. - [Chad] You started this (beep). - Change your costume, Mimi. Change your costume! Change it around! - I was feeling like Mimi's kind of turned over a new leaf, and then guess who came back? The old Mimi. - I just don't think it's appropriate to talk about (beep) that had nothing to do with anything that's happened here. - Well, guess what, Mimi? We did. You, Mimi Imfurst. Mimi Imfurst was number third in the voting? I could not believe it. Out of all 50 bitches - - Do not attack my fans, bitch. - Of the (beep) that I've seen, you don't have that many. So, out of 50 (beep) bitches that have been here, how did you manage that? - Because they need someone to go home first. - Ohhhhh! (queens laughing) - [Yara] And you know what? This thing is mad (beep) annoying, it's stupid. - [Tammie] Thank you. - [Yara] And do you know what? - [Chad] And there she goes again. - [Tammie] It's not very nice. - [Chad] Whatever. - You wanted crazy? Well, you got it now. - People are attacking me and it's just completely immature, childish shenanigans. These people should be ashamed of themselves. I'm done. - This challenge isn't about points, baby, it's about personality. Ooh, girl, I got this. - Alright, bitch, let's go. I want you to persuade people to loan you $5. - [Jujubee] Can I borrow $5? - [Raven] Not him. (RuPaul giggling) - Can I borrow $5? - Well, it depends, what do I get for it? - I'll give you a kiss on the cheek. - Okay. - Ooh. - We have seven minutes. - Let me see. I don't have five bucks. - He doesn't have $5. - Tell him he can put a foam hand on his hand and slap you in the face with it. - Will you put this on? - Alright. - Now, smack me with it. Smack me with it. - Ah! Thank you - (RuPaul giggling) - Oh, okay. (RuPaul laughing) We have four minutes. Get someone to moonwalk with you. - Will you moonwalk with me? - Moonwalk? - Yeah. - Okay. - Oh, oh, oh, oh - Oh, oh, oh. - Uh-huh. Woo hoo! - Three minutes left. - Okay, tell him to hit it. - Girl, really? - The next guy that walks by, I want you to try and get him to spray whipped cream down his pants. Grab them. - Do you mind if I spray whipped cream down your pants? - We have one minute and 30 seconds. - Can I spray whipped cream down your pants? - Sure. - Come here, baby! - Oh my gosh. - What? - Okay, go, bitch. Down it! Down. There you go. (whipped cream spraying) (RuPaul laughing) - Can I have a dollar? - [Guy] I actually don't have a dollar. (RuPaul laughing) - 15 seconds. Do the wave chain. - Will you hold my hand and go like this with me? - Ah, bitch, done, time's up. - Awww, time's up. You know, I feel like Raven and I did fantastically. And the whipped cream? Girl. - So, I'm out on the street on Hollywood Boulevard and all I'm thinking to myself is, "I have got 10 minutes, but I will do whatever it takes for Chad and I to win." What's goin' on? You're all just walking away. - Okay, convince someone to let you eat out of their hand. - Oh, I don't, oh, food, Food, food, food, food. How about grapes? - Go with the grapes, bitch. - Would you do me a favor really quick? Would you eat these grapes out of my hand, please? - Sure. - Ooh, yes. Eat 'em baby, eat 'em. - Other way around. You have to eat them out of his hand. - Oh, I gotta eat 'em out of your hand. Put 'em in your hand, let me eat 'em out of your hand. Okay. - That a girl. Suck it up, perfect. - You got lipstick on me. - Oh my God, amazing! Thank you so much! - Don't let him go, don't let him go. - Oh, wait, hang on, hang on. Hang on real quick. - Convince him. Cup their hands like a bowl, pour water in there, and drink it like a dog. - I'm gonna put this water in your hand real quick. Put the apples down real quick. - Yes, yes. - And I'm gonna drink the water out of your hand. - Like a dog. Lap it up, bitch, lap it up. (RuPaul laughing) Yes, bitch. - Oh, yeah! Thank you, thank you, thank you. - Persuade someone to dance with you. - How you doin'? Can we dance real quick? Let's dance, yes! Little bump and grind. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! (RuPaul laughing) - Okay, listen up. Persuade someone to give you a foot massage. Can you give me a foot massage real quick? Ma'am, ma'am? Hi, sir, how are you? - Look at that girl run. - Would you massage my feet for like five seconds? - Oh my God. - Oh my God, it'll just take a second. Here, just massage my feet real quick. - Alright. - Oh, you better work, bitch. Yes! - [Shannel] That is so amazing. Thank you so much! - Convince someone to crack an egg on their forehead. - How are you, gorgeous? - How are you, baby? - Would you please crack this on your head for me, please? - Crack it on my head? - Yes, yes. And then I'll make sure it's all off of you. Please? - No way. - Come on, baby. - Work, work, work, work. - Crack, baby, come on. You can do it, you can do it, you can do it. - W-E-R-K, bitch. - You can do it. Yes! Thank you so much! - Yes, bitch! - Get her to cluck like a chicken. Get her to cluck like a chicken. - Would you cluck like a chicken real quick? Bock, bock, bock, bock, bock! Yay! - Time's out, baby. Good job. - Oh my God. We have to read each other in a cheer form, and we have, like, 20 minutes to prepare for this (beep). It's impossible. - Do we have to say it together? - Yes. - Okay. Raven and I are very excited for this mini challenge because that's what we do. We read to filth. - All of us look hysterical. Raven looked like the football team put his ass up in drag. - Shannel, what is goin' on with your face? You are painting for the blind. - Alright, ladies, time's up. First up, Team Yarlexis. - Whoooo! - [Yarlexis] Five, six, seven, eight, Raven, Raven, slow and sleek, you so boring I fall asleep. (Yara snoring) Chad, Chad, my little consuela, you so old look like my abuela. (Chad chuckling) - Knock knock. - Who's there? - [Alexis] Shannel. - [Yara] Shannel who? - Exactly. (queens laughing) You got served! (Ru Paul laughing) - Oh, okay, alright. - What a couple of cheeri-hoes. - Alexis Mateo, your look is really ghetto. - Yara Sofia, you give us diarrhea. Chad, you look fierce, cheeks and lips of silicone. - Ooh, that Shannel, ooh that ass, you don't need no styrofoam. - Go team Shad! Go home! (queens laughing) - Granny panties, dreadlocked hair, phony ponies, don't you dare. Rhinestoned eyes and glittered lips. Shakira with her lumpy hip. Fran Drescher, whiny voices. Bea Arthur, real bad choices. One's from Russia, one's from Laos, ReRe, Juju in the house! Yay! - [Chad] Okay, give me a pyramid. - [Shannel] Oh! Oh, bitch! (RuPaul giggling) - [Chad] That's it. - Alright, ladies. The duo with the most wicked team spirit is Yarlexis! (queens cheering) - [Chad] Work, bitches. - Yes, baby! Give me the Y-E-S! Yes! (audience cheering) - Tearing up the charts with their new single, "Glamazon", it's Savage Sisters. ♪ Everybody wants her ♪ ♪ Miss Sexy in the City ♪ ♪ She's on the prowl, she rock this town ♪ ♪ Who's that girl? ♪ ♪ A fly, ferocious lady ♪ ♪ Get up and dance ♪ ♪ Get up, get up and ♪ ♪ Sashay, shantay, panther on the runway ♪ ♪ Do it, do it, oh ♪ ♪ All the boys say ♪ ♪ Welcome to the jungle, bitches ♪ ♪ Heeeey ♪ - [Shannel] We are working together like hot glue to a rhinestone on a dress. It is just perfection. ♪ Body so sexual ♪ ♪ She's like a female phenomenon ♪ ♪ She's a Glamazon ♪ ♪ A female phenomenon ♪ ♪ A Glamazon-na-na-na! ♪ (audience cheering) - What's black and 12 inches? "Cover Girl" from Fanny Shosha. ♪ Stroll down the runway, another payday, ♪ ♪ Cover of magazines ♪ ♪ And when they see me, they wanna be me ♪ ♪ I am the fantasy ♪ ♪ Cover girl, put the bass in your walk ♪ ♪ Head to toe, let your whole body talk ♪ - [Alexis] We are serving rock 'n' roll fierceness. Bam. ♪ Cover Girl, put the bass in your walk ♪ ♪ Head-to-toe, let your whole body talk ♪ - [Yara] We're interacting with the audience, baby, and we're turning it. Yes! ♪ Yeah! ♪ ♪ And, what? ♪ ♪ What? ♪ ♪ What? ♪ (audience cheering) - Singing "Jealous of My Boogie", Give it up for V3. (audience cheering) ♪ Hey DJ, love the way ♪ ♪ I lose my inhibitions when you spin ♪ ♪ And I don't care if people stare ♪ ♪ I'd rather boogie than try to fit in ♪ ♪ Turn it up, let 'em scrutinize (I know you're watching) ♪ ♪ Way up, 'cause the night is mine (I know you're watching) ♪ ♪ Turn it up, lemme scandalize (I know you're watching) ♪ ♪ Yeah, up under flashing lights ♪ ♪ Don't be jealous of my boogie ♪ - [Raven] We are The Supremes meets the Pointer Sisters meets the Spice Girls. We all look fierce. ♪ Don't be jealous of my boogie, ♪ ♪ Don't be jealous of my boogie ♪ ♪ Of my boogie ♪ - [Jujubee] Oh, girl, they are living right now. This solo is over. ♪ Don't be jealous of my boogie, ♪ ♪ Of my boogie ♪ ♪ Don't be jealous of my boogie! ♪ (audience cheering) - Shannel and Chad, condragulations, you are the winners of this week's All-Star challenge. (queens cheering) - Two weeks in a row, Chad and I have really pushed through. And that is very rewarding. - [Raven] That's hot. - Isn't that pretty? - [Shannel] That's rad. - [Raven] That's fierce. - [Shannel] This is so rad. - For this week's main challenge. we have to transform ourselves into superheroes and super-villains. We have to come up with superpowers. a mission, our backstories, as well as costumes. It is a lot. Obviously I'm gonna be the villain. - Well, yeah. - I am taller, and usually the villain is taller. - Bigger. Manlier. - Yeah, more butch. - Yeah. - I'll take that. - Of course I'm the superhero. Duh. - I think I'll do the villain. - Cause you can give 'em cold shoulders and icy stares. - I'm gonna be playing the villain. Chad will be the superhero. He's the pretty, you know, the Disney bitch. And I'm just, just an evil (beep). - Here's the thing. We gotta keep this funny. Here's what I'm thinking for my superhero. Fire (beep). And I am in charge of vaginal rejuvenations. - Really? - What was your idea? - I was thinking of more like, like, like a black diamondy, something like, you know, the stealer of the rarest black diamonds in the world. - Let me tell you something. When I competed before, there was an individual who got a challenge and insisted on taking a serious approach to it, and she was sent home that night. We need to make them laugh. - We do. - Maybe your tits put out my fire. That's my weakness. (Chad imitating milk gushing) And then, ohh! Sickening. What I'm thinking, red pubic hair creeping out either side of the thing, girl. - Chad's ideas are dirty and raunchy. I'm just a little bit nervous. - [Chad] My name is Chadissa Michaels. - [Santino] Ooh. - [RuPaul] Gorgeous. - [Michelle] Lady in red. - [Chad] I'm from Little Cooch, Arkansas. While working the sugar walls clinic, a chemical contaminant infused me with super tightening powers of vaginal rejuvenation. - [Judges] Oooh. - [Santino] Work that dress, mama. - [Chad] By day, I'm an esthetician, but at night I transform into FireCrotch! - [Michelle] Wow. - [RuPaul] She's a torch slinger. - [Chad] My mission is to keep the sugar walls of the world tight and right. - [RuPaul] Yes. (Judges gasping) - [Chad] My super powers are flying, coochie-lifting lasers, and hot Brazilian waxes. - [RuPaul] Call FEMA, cause her coochie's on fire. - [Michelle] They won't show up. (RuPaul laughing) - [Chad] To activate my superpowers, I say, Don't hesitate, vaginal rejuvenate! - [RuPaul] What a flamer. - [Shannel] My name is Shannel Suits. I grew up in Nipple Junction, Tennessee. While working in a hospital lab, radiation infused my brain with magnetic lactation abilities. - [RuPaul] Black widow. - [Santino] Kiss of the spider woman. - [Shannel] By day, I'm a mammographer. But at night, I transform into Lactasia! (laser blasting) - [RuPaul] Oh yes! - [Santino] Pure evil. - [Shannel] My master plan is to douse the FireCrotch's mission. My powers are supersonic speed, and death rays from my breasts. - Ooh, getting a little nippy in here, isn't it? - [RuPaul] Yes, it is. - [Shannel] I activate my evil powers by saying, areolas activate! Hard nipples lactate! - [Judges] Oooooh. - [Michelle] Tweak it. (Shannel cackling evilly) - [Jujubee] My name is Jujubee. I'm from the planets Solaris. - [RuPaul] Miss Laos in the house. - [Jujubee] A solar eclipse shot Solaris to earth, causing me to become a bronze goddess. - [Michelle] Bronze beauty. - [RuPaul] Glamorama! - [Jujubee] By day, I'm a beauty consultant. But, at night I transform into, Melanina. - [Elvira] Oh, I love the hairdryer. - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Jujubee] My super powers are the magical TS gun, Tan Spray. To activate my superpowers, I say, no tea, no shade. - [RuPaul] She blinded me with science. - [Santino] That's her sun gun. - [Michelle] And those are her sun buns. - [Jujubee] My mission is to bring a bronze glow to every human being. Fierce, solid color. - [RuPaul] Gingersnap. - [Raven] My name is Raven. I grew up on the planet Solaris. - [Santino] Oooh, hoochie. - [Raven] One day, my planet shot to the earth during a solar eclipse, causing me to lose all pigment in my skin. - [RuPaul] Taylor Dayne in the house. - [Santino] Tell it to my heart. - [RuPaul] "Tell It To My Heart" only told half the story. - [Michelle] Her ass tells the rest. - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Raven] By day, I'm a fashion photographer, but at night, I transform into Sophia Fierce. - [RuPaul] Oh wow, something wicked this way comes. - [Raven] My master plan is to dominate the world by throwing shade from the cuffs on my wrist. - [Elvira] Power cuffs. - [RuPaul] Yes, the cuffs of doom. - [Raven] I activate my evil powers by saying, throw me shade, bitch! - [Santino] Oooh. - [Michelle] She's got some haunted hills right behind her. - [RuPaul] Uh-huh. - [Raven] This is a battle of good versus evil and I'm going to win. - [Judges] Wow. - Shannel and Chad, you are the winners of this week's challenge. - [Chad] Thank you, judges, thank you Ru. - [Shannel] So much. - Raven and Jujubee, I'm sorry, my dears, but you are up for elimination. - Raven is my dear friend and I do not wanna lip sync against him, but at the same time, I don't wanna go home. - Two queens stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and to save yourselves from elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. - I do not wanna have to lip sync against Juju, but I'm gonna fight for my spot to stay in this competition. (Raven gasping sadly) - Good luck, and don't (beep) it up. ♪ Somebody said you got a new friend ♪ ♪ Does she love you better than I can? ♪ ♪ Yeah, I know it's stupid ♪ ♪ I just gotta see it for myself ♪ ♪ I'm in the corner ♪ ♪ Watching you kiss her ♪ ♪ Ohh-Ohhh ♪ ♪ I'm right over here ♪ ♪ Why can't you see me? ♪ ♪ Ohh-Ohhh ♪ ♪ I'm giving it my all ♪ ♪ But I'm not the girl you're taking home ♪ ♪ Oooh-Oooh ♪ ♪ I keep dancing on my own ♪ ♪ I keep dancing on my own ♪ ♪ I'm just gonna dance all night ♪ ♪ Stilettos and broken bottles ♪ ♪ I'm spinning around in circles ♪ ♪ I'm in the corner ♪ ♪ Watching you kiss her ♪ ♪ Ohh-Ohhh ♪ ♪ I'm giving it my all ♪ ♪ But I'm not the girl you're taking home ♪ ♪ Ooh-Ooh ♪ ♪ I keep dancing on my own ♪ ♪ I keep dancing on my own ♪ (Judges applauding) (Jujubee sobbing) (Jujubee breathing heavily) - I, I can't breathe. (dramatic music) (Jujubee breathing heavily) - [RuPaul] Raven, would you help her? Thank you, Raven. - [Jujubee] I didn't wanna do that. What the (beep). - [Raven] Can you stand? - I can do it, I'm sorry. - [RuPaul] Alright, we're gonna continue. - [Jujubee] I'm sorry. You look so pretty. - [Raven] So do you. - Thank you. Okay, okay. I got it. (dramatic music) - Ladies, I've made my decision. You leave me no choice. Raven, Jujubee, shantay you both stay. - [Chad] Yes! Yes! - Thank you so much. (Raven laughing) - I say (beep) it, we have a top four. (Chad laughing) - I want fried chicken now. (RuPaul giggling) (upbeat funky music) - Oh my God. - Hello! (audience applauding) Are you ready for an All-Star comedy review? (audience cheering) - Everyone is so terrified and it's scary. We only have five minutes. - [RuPaul] Give a warm Hollywood welcome to Jujubee! (audience applauding) - Hi! - Hi. - I'm so nervous right now. It's the final challenge, anybody could win. Hopefully it's me. (audience applauding) (bell dinging) So, first things first, right? I was born a drag queen and the afterbirth was glitter. (audience laughing) When I came out, I had a Mac lip gloss in one hand, the other one was a jazz hand! Everybody do a jazz hand with me, darling. Whoo! So, basically I pop out and they named me Airline. I mean, my parents must've been on some good shit. (audience laughing) The funniest part about my name, really, is that my grandma can't say it. Picture this, okay? Old Asian lady. Titties down to here. Ay-len. (audience laughing) Ay-len, I come home and all I see, wigs, undywear, panty, Blue Paul CD, I don't know. What is going on with your head? (audience laughing) Are you gay? Well, kind of. (audience laughing) Ay-len, look in my face. You pucking liar, you go out with boy! (audience cheering) (bell dinging) You know, I feel really confident. I hope that crown is nice and heavy and shiny. - [Announcer] Up next, Chad Michaels! - How's everybody doing? (audience cheering) (bell dinging) Thank you. I am from San Diego, California, the meth capital of the world. And I'm really happy to be here, ladies and gentlemen. (audience applauding) So, you know, I'm 41 years old, and I am a self-proclaimed drag cougar. (Chad purring like a cougar) I have resorted to plastic surgery to maintain my looks. And as I said, I'm from San Diego, which is only a short 20-minute drive from the finest surgeons that Tijuana has to offer. (audience laughing) Don't think for one minute that I have not taken advantage of those Fiesta Day blowout deals on silicone. (Chad exclaiming excitedly) Fill 'em up, Pepe, honey. (audience laughing) And my doctor, Dr. Bendito, finally gave me cheeks that I can see. Literally, I can see them. (audience laughing) It is very distracting, but, it's a rough road. (Chad pretending to cry) - [RuPaul] Awwww. (bell dinging) - I mean, you guys think that these are my tits, and they're not. They're my balls, I just pushed them up, they're hanging so low. (audience laughing) You guys are wonderful, I wanna thank you guys so much. You've been a fantastic audience. (audience cheering) Oh my God, I went over. (beep). - [Announcer] And now, Raven! (bell dinging) - Hi everybody. (audience cheering) Well, I apologize, first of all, for my outfit. It's laundry day. (audience laughing) And that's probably why I'm single. You know, I do have relationships and they usually last a couple hours. (audience laughing) My relationships usually end unconventionally, either it's last call, security flashes their light in your car, or the warden comes and tells you you've been released. (audience laughing) Anyone been to jail in here? Prostitution, right? (audience laughing) So, I go to jail, and I met the man of my dreams. And it is true love. This a 25-hour relationship. (audience laughing) I never got his name, cause who cares? So I'm gonna call him Anfrony. Cause I like that name. And when you get drunk it sounds like it should be pronounced, Anthony. So, we meet in the same cell, so we already were off to a good start. I'm feeling him, and he's trying to feel on me. And I told him, look, you wanna feel on me, you better get me a drink. That's how I usually do it, that's how we're gonna do it up in jail. So, he decided to take me over to his bunk, and he sleeps on the top, so, match made in heaven. And then, the warden came and took me and said you've got to go home. So what did I do? I looked at him and I said, "peace out, bitch, I gotta go." (audience laughing) (audience applauding) (bell dinging) I am having a blast. I want another five minutes. - [Announcer] Up next, Shannel! (bell dinging) - What's up? People say to me all the time, "Shannel, why you got such judgemental eyebrows, bitch?" I said, "judgemental eyebrows, baby, maybe you just real insecure, honey." Booboo, when I had looked up in the mirror this morning, I got real scared, real quick. Look at this hair! This is the Charmin bear that had exploded right up all over my hair, honey. (audience laughing) I had stuck my finger into the light socket - (Shannel imitating being electrocuted) How many of y'all out here wear pantyhose? As a drag queen, my issue with pantyhose is there's no room for a penis. (audience laughing) (bell dinging) - You guys have been an amazing audience. (audience cheering) That was so (beep) awesome. I am getting into the Drag Race Hall of Fame. - [RuPaul] First up, Chad Michaels. - [Michelle] Wow. - [Chad] This is Chad Michaels, the drag warrior that never gives up and never will. - [RuPaul] Faster pussycat, stomp, stomp. - [Santino] Holo-graphic. - [Cheri] Chitty-Chitty Chad-Bang. - [RuPaul] Oh yeah. Jujubee! Touch this skin, honey. - [Jujubee] I'm serving you up some fierce, sexy, sultry diva. - [RuPaul] Ooh, it looks like a blue moon tonight. - [Michelle] Uh-huh, she must live in Ass-bury Park. (Judges laughing) - [RuPaul] Shannel. - [Shannel] I am serving red Cirque du Solei realness. - [Michelle] She's giving you crustacean couture, honey. - [RuPaul] Yes, honey. Raven. - [Judges] Oooh. - [Raven] I'm giving quintessential Raven. This is my moment. - [RuPaul] That's so Raven. - [Santino] Boudoir. - [RuPaul] Street corner booty. (Judges laughing) Sweet dreams. Welcome back, ladies. Based on your performance in this week's challenge, during this entire competition, and throughout your All-Star careers, I've made some decisions. (dramatic music) You are all my legendary children, but, there's room for just one inductee to the Drag Race Hall of Fame. Shannel, Jujubee, I'm sorry, my dears, but this is not your moment. (dramatic music) - This is heartbreaking. I don't know what to feel. - I am so devastated. You put your heart and your soul into what you do, and sometimes it's just not good enough. - Keep believing in yourselves with all your hearts. Please step to the back of the stage. Two All-Stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and prove to the world that you are worthy of entering the Drag Race Hall of Fame. - [Raven] I'm standing in the same place I was standing last time I was here. I'm shaking, my mouth is dry, and I start to feel so nervous. I have to turn it out. - The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. - [Chad] I know I have to put my whole heart and soul into this lip sync. - Good luck, and don't (beep) it up. ♪ If I had a dime every time they said, girl ♪ ♪ I think I'd have a million ♪ - [Chad] This is 20 years of experience all down to one moment and I'm owning this. ♪ A negative opinion ♪ ♪ On my own, I had to learn it, learn it ♪ - [Raven] I'm doing what I wanna do, and that's be sexy, fierce, gorgeous, and glamorous, and make sure all eyes are on me. ♪ It's your responsi-trannity ♪ ♪ Don't forget, don't forget-get who you are ♪ ♪ Yes it's true, true for all of you ♪ ♪ We are all-stars, we are all stars ♪ ♪ When I close my eyes ♪ ♪ Voices in my head ♪ ♪ Sound more appealing ♪ ♪ Constantly remind me of what he said ♪ ♪ He said, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't stop believing ♪ ♪ It's your responsi-trannity ♪ ♪ Don't forget, don't forget-get who you are ♪ ♪ Yes it's true, true for all of you ♪ ♪ We are all-stars, we are all stars ♪ (Judges applauding) - Ugh! - Ladies, (dramatic music) I've made my decision. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race All-Stars, the first inductee to the Drag Race Hall of Fame is Chad Michaels. (Chad crying) (Judges applauding) - Oh my God. Thank you, Ru. - My queen, this crown belongs to not only you but to the millions of fans that you inspire. And remember, if you can't love yourself how in the hell you gon' love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? - Amen! (upbeat music) - Oh don't mind me. I'm just here to sweep up the competition, girl. I am Monet X Change, and you better get your currency in check, bitch. Oh my god, what the (bleep)? - It's Monet. - Cracker! Miz Cracker! Monet is a very fun, effervescent personality. Charming. Any single men out there, I'm very charming. - What kind of drag do you do? - I'm eclectic, I'm eccentric. - Versatile? - Versatile. - Good. - I like that. - Eureka, you're not versatile. (Monet laughs) - [RuPaul] Monet X Change. Ooh, Monet changes everything. - Yas, Monet. - Yas! - Monet X Change, she looks like a million bucks. Her body looks great. She's giving you high energy. She is turning it. - [Queen] Yas! - I am channeling my inner "Paris is Burning." I'm just gonna feel my oats, and I dip like three times in a row, boom. - Oh! - Boom, boom! (queens laughing) Monet X Change is not here to play. - Now on the runway, y'all snatched our attention, but one of you scored a perfect 10. (dramatic music) Monet X Change, you're the winner of this season's first mini challenge. (queens cheering) - Yes bitch, I won the first mini challenge of season 10. I'm here to let these girls know, don't (bleep) with New York City. Yeah, we won last season, and we gonna win again. (Monet laughs) - Now ladies, to kick off a new decade of drag, we're going back to our roots. As in, back to the very first challenge from the very first episode of "RuPaul's Drag Race." We call it drag on a dime. (queens cheering) - I think I've reneged on the Barbie dolls, if anyone wants the Barbie dolls. - Here, bitch. 'Cause I don't think I'm gonna have enough for the flowers. - My first idea is to do this doll constructed thing, but I realize that there aren't enough to cover my bigass body. And I know that I can create this really Gaga couture-esque look with sponges. It's either gonna be couture or cou-torn. - [RuPaul] Monet X Change. - [Ross] Cleanup on season 10. (RuPaul laughs) - My look is very conceptual, and there's like a whole story with the dirt in my eyes, and I have ping pong balls to make little soap suds, and I have blue earrings to signify the water. I'm literally cleaning the floor with my garment as I'm walking down the runway, and it's (bleep) fierce. - [Carson] Oh god, she's so self-absorbent. - Yeah. - That is Brillo-iant. (judges laughing) - [RuPaul] Where are you from, Monet? - I'm an Irish girl. - [RuPaul] Oh, what part of Ireland? - Northern Ireland? (queens laugh) - [RuPaul] Can you dance an Irish jig? - Oh sure, yeah. An Irish jig, girl. Just gotta jig it. Oh yeah, girl. - [RuPaul] Sing something Irish to the chocolate. (singing in foreign language) (queens laughing) Hey, Kit Kats. - Hey. - Hi. - Three of you really made me snicker. Blair St. Clair. (queens clapping) Monique Heart. - Yes! (queens clapping) - And Monet X Change. - Yeah! (queens clapping) - Monet, I am sorry my dear, but you are up for elimination. - I feel like my entire drag career is flashing before my eyes. I'm gonna have to lip sync for my life against my New York city sister, but I want them to know that I'm this fierce drag queen and I wanna be here. - Two queens stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me, and save yourself from elimination. The time has come (thunder booms) for you to lip sync for your life! Good luck, and don't (bleep) it up. ♪ Uh oh oh ♪ ♪ Come fill my glass up a little more ♪ ♪ We 'bout to get up and burn this floor ♪ ♪ You know we gettin' hotter and hotter ♪ ♪ Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down ♪ ♪ Yo, what I gotta do to show these girls that I own 'em ♪ ♪ Some call me Nicki and some call me Roman ♪ ♪ Skeeza, pleeza, I'm in Ibiza whoa ♪ ♪ Giuseppe Zanotti, my own sneaker ♪ ♪ Sexy, sexy, that's all I do ♪ ♪ If you need a bad bitch, let me call a few ♪ ♪ Pumps on and them little mini skirts is out ♪ ♪ I see some good girls, I'mma turn 'em out ♪ ♪ Okay, bottle, sip, bottle, guzzle ♪ ♪ I'm a bad bitch, no muzzle, hey ♪ ♪ Bottle, sip, bottle, guzzle ♪ ♪ I'm a bad bitch, no muzzle, let's go ♪ ♪ Music ♪ ♪ Makes me ♪ ♪ High ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ (judges laughing) ♪ Come fill my glass up a little more ♪ ♪ We 'bout to get up and burn this floor ♪ ♪ You know we getting hotter and hotter ♪ ♪ Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down ♪ ♪ Pound the alarm ♪ (people cheering) ♪ Pound the alarm ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ ♪ Come fill my glass up a little more ♪ ♪ We 'bout to get up and burn this floor ♪ ♪ You know we getting hotter and hotter ♪ ♪ Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down ♪ - [Michelle] Come on! ♪ Pound the alarm ♪ (people cheering) ♪ Pound the alarm ♪ (people cheering) - For the ladies watching from the back, that is what we call a lip sync for your life. (all applauding) - Yes! - Now, I've made my decision. (suspenseful music) Monet X Change? Shantay, you stay. You may join the other girls. - [Monet] Thank you, Ru. - Monet, Mayhem, I'm sorry my dears, but you are up for elimination. - For me to be in the bottom two a second week in a row, it is so disheartening. It feels like Ru has wasted a ticket here to "RuPaul's Drag Race," and I should not be here. - Two queens stand before me. Prior to tonight, you were asked to prepare a lip sync performance of "Man, I Feel Like a Woman" by Shania Twain. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me, and save yourself from elimination. The time has come (thunder rumbles) for you to lip sync for your life! (tense music) Good luck, and don't (bleep) it up. (upbeat music) ♪ Let's go, girls ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ - Woo! - Yeah! ♪ I'm goin' out tonight ♪ ♪ I'm feelin' all right ♪ ♪ I'm gonna let it all hang out ♪ ♪ Wanna make some noise ♪ ♪ Really raise my voice ♪ ♪ Yeah I wanna scream and shout ♪ (judges laughing) ♪ Best thing about being a woman ♪ ♪ Is the prerogative to have a little fun and ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ ♪ Go totally crazy ♪ ♪ Forget I'm a lady ♪ ♪ Men's shirts, short skirts, oh oh oh ♪ ♪ Get in the action ♪ ♪ Feel the attraction ♪ ♪ Color my hair, do what I dare ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ ♪ I wanna be free, yeah, to feel the way I feel ♪ ♪ And man, I feel like a woman ♪ (judges laughing) (all cheering) ♪ The best thing about being a woman ♪ ♪ Is the prerogative to have a little fun ♪ ♪ Fun fun ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ ♪ Go totally crazy ♪ ♪ Forget I'm a lady ♪ ♪ Men's shirts, short skirts ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ ♪ I wanna be free, yeah ♪ ♪ To feel the way I feel ♪ ♪ Way I feel ♪ ♪ Man, I feel like a woman ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ I feel like a woman ♪ (all cheering) (RuPaul laughing) - [Judge] Chocolate jugs! - Ladies, I've made my decision. Monet X Change, shaytay you stay. (tense music) - Thank you. - You may join the other girls. (upbeat music) Welcome to Snatch Game! All right, moving right along. Author, actress, and a national treasure, Maya Angelou. - Hello, RuPaul. Do you know why the caged bird sings? - I've always wanted to know. Why does the caged bird sing? - Because Mariah Carey lost the key. (audience laughs) - Ooh, the shade comin' from Miss Maya Angelou this evening. All right, now here we go. Kate, did ya hear about the new smartphone for drag queens? Instead of face recognition, it recognizes your blank. Looks like Beyonce's writing. - This is the first time Beyonce's ever written for herself. - Oh. - Watch it, toots. - [RuPaul] All right, Kate Upton. - Charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent. - Oh, that's a great answer. Let's see if you matched any of the stars. Maya Angelou. Maya Angelou, new smart, are you asleep? - No, sorry, I was resting my eyes. - I see, okay. Did ya hear about the new smartphone for drag queens? Instead of face recognition, it recognizes your? - Well, RuPaul, I've written 17 books, 19 plays, 13 autobiographies, and two Hallmark cards. (audience laughs) And it recognizes you're a phenomenal woman. - You're a phenomenal woman. Almost! All right, this next one's for Audra McDonald. Martha Stewart is a really bad influence on Snoop Dogg. Now when he makes brownies, he puts blank in them. (plucky music) - He puts parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme. - Scarborough Fair. It's a really good song. Sounds like some awful brownies. - [Audra] Yes. - All right, let's move on down to Maya Angelou. - Well, RuPaul, before I answer the question, these women seem very hostile and I wrote a soliloquy to inform them. - Oh, I'd love to hear it. We have nothing but time here. (audience laughs) - If these hoes try to come for me, I surely will cut thee. I will not hesitate to put thou in a ditch, because Maya Angelou ain't no punk bitch. (audience laughs) - Oh it rhymes, it rhymes! - All right, but did you write an answer to this? - I would put my underwire in a brownie, 'cause I don't have any support here. - Oh, underwire. Unfortunately, Audra, it's not a match. - It's still not a match, but it's good. - [RuPaul] Monet X Change. - [Judge] Battlestar Gill-actica. (judges laughing) - Tuna Turner. (judges laughing) - [Monet] I'm giving you beat up tattered warrior mermaid, 'cause I'm here to fight these bitches to the top. Monet is a strong, powerful warrior mermaid fish. - [RuPaul] You wanna talk about the deadliest snatch? (judges laughing) - [Judge] Stop polluting our oceans! (RuPaul laughs) - Monet X Change. - Hello, Ru! - Monet, Monet, Monet. Is that your lacefront? - This was actually the very first, like before I even started drag, and I went to this store in SoHo, and I found this wig and I've never parted ways with it. - But have you worn it in this competition? - Oh no, no, never here, never here. - That is a mistake. I know you love them pussycat wigs, but bitch, you know what? You need to wear some bigass hair, because you got that big, fat, juicy ass. - Yeah. - Six girls are left in this competition, down to the wire. - Yes. - How are you gonna make it to the finish line? - Well I'm gonna slay this acting challenge today. I feel like I've been on a steady upward climb in the past- - You haven't won any challenges, though. - I know! - What's wrong with that? - You know, I think it's just, I mean I'm doing well in the Maxi Challenges, but it's following through on the runway and really giving y'all something to gag over. - You know they say you have lots of breaks that happen in your life, you just have to be prepared for them. - Yes. - This is yours to go and get. - Amen, Ru. - Make sure you get this. - Yes, I will, I swear I am. I will, Ru. - I'll see you out there. - Thank you, thank you. - [Miz Cracker] Monet, you were in Portland for a while, right? - I sure was. - You remember that drag queen that was like, 96? - Darcelle! - Yes, ma'am. - Yes, she is the oldest drag queen I know. - I think she's the oldest drag queen in America. - Right? - Besides Shequida. - [Monet] It was so cool to go watch the show, 'cause to see she is up there in her heels. - Telling the jokes that are exactly her age. (Monet laughs) I just flew in from Portland, and boy are my arms tired. (Monet laughs) - You know, I see myself doing drag forever, girl. I'm gonna be Miss Darcelle one day, just me, but I ain't wearing no heels though. I'll be in some good Toms, and a little kitten wig, RuPaul. - [RuPaul] Monet X Change. Ooh girl, you better sissy that walker. (judges laughing) (judges gasping) - I feel like when I age, I'm gonna be a mess. I did not take care of myself, I don't have health insurance. But I'm still gonna keep on having fun with drag. So, instead of having the IV drip, I have little bags of liquor on there. I'm playing hacky sack with my titties and I'm having a good ol' time with this look. - [RuPaul] She's gonna be on this month's cover of Elle-der Care. (judges laughing) What's your name? - Randy. - Are you Randy? - I am Randy the woodchuck. (RuPaul laughs) All tea, all trade. - Yeah, you got a little twist in your hip there. Can you take that out? - All tea, all trade. (RuPaul giggles) - You're giving it a little twist at the end that's kind of like, hey. - Oh (bleep) I gotta slap that (bleep) outta me. - [RuPaul] Yeah yeah, get that outta there. - All tea, all trade. - Can you put one hand on, between way down there. - Down here, well it's real long. Gotta get down there. - I think you could be America's next chop model. You know they say that social media is taking over the world, but this week, "RuPaul's Drag Race" is gonna take over the whole internet. Say hello to some of today's hottest social media stars. (dramatic music) (queens squealing) Tyler Oakley. - I'm so happy that you're here! - Thank you. - I'm happy that I get to make you over into a fabulous drag queen. - I am, like this is legitimate bucket list (bleep). - I'm really happy that I get Tyler Oakley. He's very like, free-spirited. He is down for anything. So, I need to know, have you ever done drag before? - I have never performed, but I've gotten my face done. - Have you ever walked in heels? (Monet laughs) So you know my name is Monet X Change. You're Tyler Oakley, you're short. What do you think of? This is just, I'm just throwing out, just thought about it, Short Change? - Short Change? (both laughing) I love it, I love it, I love it. - I am the only X Change that exists in the world. My tubes have been tied up until this point, so he should feel very lucky and privileged that he's part of the House of X Change, darling. - I love it. - Do you? - Yes, yeah! - [Monet] I wanna see this walk. Let me see what- - No, you can't make me do that. - Oh no, oh we are taking you all the way out of your comfort zone. Tyler has never really worn heels before, and um, he is trying his best. I believe in you, Short Change. - Okay, okay. - Oh, careful. You are walking down Fifth Avenue. - [Tyler] I think actually, hello! - All right, Miss Short Change! For the most part, he has it somewhat together. You're gliding, oh! Girl. (Monet chuckles) (Tyler laughs) Any guy who starts walking in heels for the first time, they always do like the fierce face. They have to do like the. And you try to do that in the heels, and I'm like no girl, do not do all that. Being sexy on the runway and having fun is what's really gonna give the essence of the X Change family secret. - You know, you've come under fire about your aesthetic. - That's why we got some big hair today. We gonna get some big hair up in this gig, Ru. - No pussycat wigs. - [Monet] No pussycat wigs. - Ah-ah, you save that for Sunday service. - What is with Ru and my pussycat wigs? I don't get it. He gonna gag when I come out with my own line of sponge pussycat wigs. Available on iTunes. - All right, I'll see you out there. - Thank you, Ru. - Thank you, Ru. - Short Change. - Short Change. (both laughing) - [RuPaul] Up next, Monet X Change and Short Change. - Okay! - Ooh. - [Judge] Break it up, break it up. - [RuPaul] That's right, dollar bills y'all. - [Ross] I always forget, which one's Tia and which one's Tamera? (judges laughing) - Big hair don't care, girl. It is a Friday night, we just got paid. We don't even go home and shower. I'm taking her out, it's Miss Short Change's 21st birthday. We both got our glasses on, 'cause we gotta see the ugly dudes at the club, and she's so excited. Yes, Short Change is living her life, girl. She is feelin' it, and at the end of the day that is all that matters, period. - [RuPaul] They got they reading glasses on. - [Michelle] It's time to go back to the library. (judges laughing) - Monet X Change, and Short Change. (Tyler giggles) - Short Change, you look thick as (bleep). - Thank you. Down with the thickness. (judges laughing) - I do wanna take this moment to tell you, Monet, how stunningly beautiful you look tonight. Why would you ever go back to your pussycat wig? - Pussycat wigs, Jesus Christ. - And I really enjoyed seeing Tyler, 'cause he was having a good time. - I had the most fun. - But, doesn't mean the job that you were supposed to do was done, because there is no family resemblance apart from a pair of glasses. I felt like you were taking your co-worker, who never gets out, and you dressed her up and you were like, come on Stacy. We gonna go out to the local gay bar, go see a drag show. - I was thinking like, you just met working the same car show. And you're like, oh my god, we both look great in the uniform. Let's go spend some of our money. - Her makeup's not the best either, Monet. Her brows are a little crazy from here. - I feel beautiful. - I'm glad you do, darlin'. - God bless. - I mean, zero family resemblance. - Monet, I'm sorry my dear, but you are up for elimination. - I feel so, so bad that I am here for the third time, but I am not a give up gal. I am a fierce performer, and a fierce entertainer, and I'm not giving up. - Two queens stand before me. Prior to tonight, you were asked to prepare a lip sync performance of "Good As Hell" by Lizzo. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me, and save yourself from elimination. (tense music) The time has come (thunder rumbles) for you to lip sync for your life! - Performing is my passion. This is my time to shine, and do what I do best. - Good luck, and don't (bleep) it up. ♪ I do my hair toss, check my nails ♪ ♪ Baby how you feelin' ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ ♪ Hair toss, check my nails ♪ ♪ Baby how you feelin' ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ ♪ Woo child, tired of the foolish ♪ ♪ Go on dust your shoulders off, keep it movin' ♪ ♪ Yes, lord, step into some new kicks ♪ ♪ In there, swimwear, going to the pool quick ♪ ♪ Come now, come dry your eyes ♪ ♪ You know you a star, you can touch the sky ♪ ♪ I know that it's hard, but you have to try ♪ ♪ If you need advice, let me simplify ♪ ♪ If he don't love you anymore ♪ ♪ Just walk yourself right out the door ♪ ♪ I do my hair toss, check my nails ♪ ♪ Baby how you feelin' ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ ♪ Hair toss, check my nails ♪ ♪ Baby how you feelin' ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ ♪ Woo girl, need to kick off your shoes ♪ ♪ Gotta take a deep breath, time to focus on you ♪ ♪ All the big fights, long nights that you been through ♪ ♪ I got a bottle of tequila I've been saving for you ♪ ♪ Boss up and change your life ♪ ♪ You can have it all, no sacrifice ♪ ♪ I know we did you wrong, we can make it right ♪ ♪ So go and let it all hang out tonight ♪ ♪ 'Cause he don't love you anymore ♪ ♪ Then walk your fine ass out the door ♪ (woman screams) ♪ And do your hair toss, check my nails ♪ ♪ Baby how you feelin' ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ ♪ Hair toss, check my nails ♪ ♪ Baby how you feelin' ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ ♪ Hair toss, check my nails ♪ ♪ Baby how you feelin' ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ ♪ Hair toss, check my nails ♪ ♪ Baby how you feelin' ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ ♪ Feeli' good as hell ♪ ♪ Baby how you feelin' ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ (all cheering) - [Queen] Yas! - Ladies, I've made my decision. - Oh my god. - Kameron Michaels, shantay you stay. - Thank you. - Monet X Change, freaky money don't make no money, but Monet money sho do. Now, sashay away. - Thank you. (all applauding) Cha-ching, mother (bleep), cha-ching. (judges laughing) - [Queen] I love you, Monet. - Today was just not my day, and even though I'm leaving, my story's not done. We only on chapter three, girl. (Monet laughing) Oh god, this (bleep) sponge. This sponge is hard. My lil drag daughter. You're the only one, I've been barren ever since. This is the immaculate conception, girl. - Fertile for a half a second. (Monet laughs) That's life. - The winner of Miss Congeniality is, (crowd cheering) Monet X Change! (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) - Shut up! Me? No way! Oh my god! - Mo-Mo, muah, muah, congratulations! - Thank you, Ru! Muah, muah. Yes! Woo! This is, this is nice! Yes! Oh my god! Oh my god, I love that. - Now Monet, is there anything you'd like to say? - Soak it up, bitches! (crowd cheering) Guess who's black in the house, bitch? Yes! I am Monet X Change of season 10, your current reigning Miss Congeniality. I am here to slay, and until I snatch that crown, a bitch brought her own, ooh. Soak it up, bitches! - [RuPaul] Monet X Change. - [Michelle] Monet is on a roll. - Maya Angelou ain't no punk bitch. (audience laughs) In season 10, I thought I was going all the way. - The looks seem homemade, really sloppy. - If I could go back in time, one thing I would change for my season would be my rickety crickety runways, girl. So I can have some challenge wins! I want a challenge win! Ooh, RuPaul, but I'm Miss Congeniality. I could never! Here we go, bitch. (queens laughing) Trinity the Tuck, you've had so much plastic in you. You won't be buried in a coffin, you'll probably be buried in a recycling bin. (queens laughing) Manila Luzon, emphasis on lose. (Manila groans) Twice. (queens laughing) - [RuPaul] Welcome back to "RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars Spangled Variety Show!" Soak her up, it's Monet X Change. (mysterious music) (audience cheering) ♪ People hatin' undercover ♪ ♪ Without knowing what you're all about ♪ ♪ But when they try to take you under ♪ (audience cheers) (RuPaul laughs) ♪ Find a way to turn it out ♪ (audience cheering) (upbeat music) ♪ I I ♪ ♪ I'm feeling fierce and free, unbothered ♪ ♪ Bitches take my sponges ♪ ♪ Soak it up ♪ ♪ Let these bitches take my sponges ♪ ♪ S-S-Soak it up ♪ ♪ Now now these bitches take my sponges ♪ ♪ S-S-Soak it up ♪ ♪ And let these bitches take my sponges ♪ ♪ S-S-Soak it up ♪ (RuPaul laughs) (audience cheering) ♪ When the girls come at you, honey ♪ ♪ You gotta be a sponge you ♪ ♪ Soak it up from Kenya to Alaska ♪ ♪ To Venus and beyond ♪ (audience cheering) ♪ What's the tea, you comin' over tonight ♪ ♪ So we can cuddle, chill, start a pillow fight ♪ ♪ If you cancel again I'll call The Vixen ♪ ♪ And she'll read that ass from one to 10 ♪ ♪ You're tired, you're fired, expired ♪ ♪ If you text me, you're blocked sire ♪ ♪ For a foolproof recipe to rise above ♪ ♪ It's real simple, self-love ♪ ♪ Everybody say love ♪ ♪ Everybody ♪ ♪ Everybody say love ♪ ♪ Can you feel the love ♪ ♪ Everybody say love ♪ ♪ Everybody say love ♪ ♪ Say love, say love ♪ ♪ Everybody say love ♪ ♪ Love ♪ (RuPaul laughs) - Yeah! (judges applauding) - Yes. - So good! - Monet X Change. She is serving Sheryl Lee Ralph eleganza. - [Judge] Yes! - [Ross] I've got this horrible knot in my right shoulder. - Oh no! (judges laughing) - I feel royal, I feel elegant, and I feel like I'm giving the judges fashion, girl. And I smell good, too. - [Ross] I don't bring my dress to the red carpet, I bring the red carpet on my dress. (judges laughing) - [Judge] You just wear it. - [RuPaul] She's from the hood, the lil red riding hood. (judges laughing) ♪ She's a super queen ♪ - Up next, Monet X Change. - Tonight, you were my favorite performer of all. You're actually a really good rapper. - Thank you. - You were in the moment, you were grounded. - I really enjoyed the performance, too. It was another memorable moment for me from tonight as well. - But now let's talk about this runway look. I love it! - Okay, I was about to say damn, girl! (Valentina laughs) - This is a look that you never would've served us on season 10, and look at you now. It's a joy to watch you really hone your skills. - Thank you. - Thank you, ladies. I think we've heard enough. And, I've made some decisions. (tense music) Monet X Change. Valentina. Condragulations, you are the top two All Stars of the week. (all applauding) (tense music) Welcome back, ladies. Two top All Stars stand before me. Prior to tonight, you were asked to prepare a lip sync performance of "Into You" by Ariana Grande. Ladies, this is your chance to impress me, win $10,000, and earn the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop. (intense music) The time has come (thunder rumbles) for you to lip sync for your legacy! Good luck, and don't (bleep) it up. ♪ I'm so into you ♪ ♪ I can barely breathe ♪ ♪ And all I wanna do ♪ ♪ Is to fall in deep ♪ ♪ Oh baby look what you started ♪ ♪ The temperature's rising in here ♪ ♪ Is this gonna happen ♪ ♪ Been waiting and waiting for you to make a move ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Before I make a move ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ So baby come light me up ♪ ♪ And maybe I'll let you on it ♪ ♪ A little bit dangerous ♪ ♪ But baby that's how I want it ♪ ♪ A little less conversation and a little more touch my body ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm so into you, into you, into you ♪ ♪ Tell me what you came here for ♪ ♪ 'Cause I can't, I can't wait no more ♪ ♪ I'm on the edge of no control ♪ ♪ And I need, I need you to know, you to know ♪ ♪ Oh yeah ♪ (all cheering) - Oh my god! These bitches are turning it out, girl. ♪ A little bit dangerous, dangerous ♪ ♪ But baby that's how I want it ♪ ♪ A little less conversation and a little more touch my body ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm so into you, into you, into you ♪ ♪ Got everyone watchin' us, watchin' us ♪ ♪ So baby, let's keep this secret ♪ ♪ A little bit scandalous, scandalous ♪ ♪ But baby don't let them see it ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm so into you, into you, into you ♪ (all applauding) (judges laughing) - [Judge] Wow, that was tough. (people sobbing) (emotional music) - Well I just hope Lady Bunny's in a better place. - Trust me, she is. I've seen her apartment. Friends and loved ones, to pay tribute to the Lady Bunny, please welcome Monet X Change. (audience laughs) - Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to celebrate the life, liberty, and illiteracy of our dear friend, Lady Bunny. (audience laughs) Many know her as Lady Bunny, but I like to go by her original drag name, Methuselah. (audience laughs) Or as they know her down at the clinic, Patient Zero. (audience laughs) She was often called the Beyonce of drag, not because she was rich and beautiful or famous, but because she looked like she was carrying twins. (audience laughs) Look at that big bloated bitch in that box. (audience laughs) Have you ever seen her out of drag? Anybody? Category is Ben Franklin (bleep) the Michelin Man, amen. (audience laughs) You know, this reminds me of a story when we all went on tour. Bunny expressed that she wanted to eat a little Mexican. Poor little Valentina didn't stand a chance. (audience laughs) ♪ She's a super queen, super queen ♪ - Category is, angelic white. First up, Monet X Change. - [Judge] Someone's gotta tell her she's got toilet paper on her shoe. (judges laughing) - I am bringing my own runway to the runway. This little train, ha, whatever bitch. (judges oohing) I'm so (bleep) over these bitches that I am stigmata'd the house down boots. I feel like I'm giving you Saint X Change. - [Ross] Another bleeding heart liberal. (judges laughing) - [Michelle] Thank god. Forgive me Father, for I have stunned. (judges laughing) - Say three hail Marys and call me in the morning. (judges laughing) Welcome, ladies. It's time for the judges critiques. Starting with Monet X Change. - When you came out, the first thing I wrote was fierce, and then I wrote fearless. And that's what I got from the whole time that you were speaking about Lady Bunny. - Girl, you were funny. - Thank you. - It was a joy to watch you, because you had the audience in the palm of your hand 'cause you came out strong, and every single time you delivered. - You had so many jokes, just in terms of hard jokes, you had the most tonight. And I thought you were not just reciting them, you were still staying present to bounce off what was happening in the moment. Just so many good jokes, I'm jealous. - Thank you. - Sometimes when it comes to the main stage, I worry about Monet X Change, not gonna lie. Tonight you have elevated your look. This is a beautiful interpretation of angelic white. The beadwork is extraordinary, it fits your body. The headpiece, the inclusion of hair. You almost rented your own runway back there, the train. It was just all really beautiful. - Thank you. - I'm proud of you, Monet. - Thank you, Michelle. - [Michelle] Keep it up, don't let me down. - I will not. - Based on your performances in the roast, and on the runway, I've made some decisions. Manila Luzon, Monet X Change, condragulations, you are the top two All Stars of the week. (all applauding) (upbeat music) You'll be making over your best Judys. (Monet yelps) - What? - My heart just sank, bitch. - And here they are. Monet's best Judy, Patty. (Monet screams) - Little Patty! - You don't call, you don't text! - Patty, get over here, Patty! - Everybody's so hairy. - Wait, but did you miss me actually? - I really did! Girl, I see you every day. - I like literally have just been sitting at home doing nothing. - Lies! - No, seriously. I'm like I'm (bleep), I've watched everything I can possibly watch on Netflix. - I (bleep) love Patty. Patty is not just one of my best friends, he's also my assistant. Patty knows some secrets, girl, that we don't tell nobody, okay? So boom, so take her and her. Let me get the other ones. This makeover challenge is scary. I would be lying if I told you that I was excited, that I knew I was gonna turn the party, 'cause I don't. The fact of the matter is, this challenge sent me home last time. Last season, girl, you know this was my downfall. - There is no family resemblance, apart from a pair of glasses. - So if I don't do well, it's your fault. (Patty laughs) Girl. Me and Patty are just so vastly different. I'm 5'11", she's 5'4". I'm Black as hell, she white as hell. There is nothing that Patty and I have that resemble each other. We both might be gay, that's about it. - I'm like, nervous though. I can't (bleep) this up. (Monet laughs) Do you know what I mean? - I know. - Hi Monet, hi Patty. - Hi Ru! - Hi. - Is Patty short for Patrick? - Yes. - Top of the morning to ya, Patrick. (Monet laughs) (Irish music) How'd y'all meet again? - Bob the Drag Queen introduced us, and when you launched my star on "RuPaul's Drag Race," Patty has been traveling with me around the world, and around the country. - Oh really, so this is a makeover challenge, bitch you know. - Girl, Ru. - Oh girl, you know it was a makeover challenge that sent your Black ass home last time. - PTSD, girl. - What are you gonna do to make sure that you are not holding that Tweeterhead maquette at the end of this challenge? - I really wanna make sure that we look like family, and sell that fantasy that we were birthed from the same vagina. We are getting a razor, and we are shaving them brows off. You can grow them back- - You're gonna shave the brows off? - Absolutely. - You know, I came in like really willing to do whatever- - We are dedicated to the cause, Ru. - 'Cause you shave yours off. - I sure do. - Yeah, shave that (bleep) off. It grows back! - I'm gonna be single a little bit longer. - That's right, right. All right, well listen, I can't wait to see y'all out there. - Thank you, Ru. - Do it for Judy. - Amen. - All right, see you later. - [Monet] Thank you, Ru. ♪ We're losing eyebrows today ♪ - [Monique] You're gonna do it? - Are you really gonna shave 'em off? - Yeah! - Do y'all remember "Powder?" The movie, the little white boy with no, do y'all remem, go Google it. ♪ Shaving the face ♪ - Just sayin'. - Can't we get rid of my mustache first? (queens laughing) - All right, here we go, turn this way a little bit. - If you cut me, bitch, I swear to God. - I'm not gonna cut you. - I swear to God. - I promise I won't. - Oh my god, I'm so gagged. You look so cute! - [Patty] I'm gonna look like an alien. (clippers buzzing) - I have always hated Patty's mustache, so it is a pleasure to whack it off. You look like, 70 years old. (Monet laughs) ♪ With showers and a rainbow ♪ ♪ Where happy bluebirds fly ♪ ♪ We'll be singing swan until the clouds roll by ♪ (judges cheering) - [Michelle] Yes, concept! - [RuPaul] Monet X Change and Patty Cash. Monet, you look like the mother of a solid gold dancer. (judges laughing) - Yes! - [Judge] Stay golden, kitty girl. - [Carson] Well, I know who wears the pants in this family. (judges laughing) - We are serving New York City's finest. She's giving you a little Dita Von Teese, I'm giving you a little Black chocolate Judy Garland, honey. We look good. I feel like we look expensive, and we both have the X Change family secret. A big ol' booty. - [Michelle] There's gold in them there cheeks. (judges laughing) - Up next, Monet X Change and Patty Cash. Cha-ching. (both laugh) - Monet, you've never looked more gorgeous. I just thought this was really a great winning, twinning look. - Thank you. - Let's get to your performance. (tense music) It was so brilliant. - Oh, I was about to say, oh god. - You had the aura, the essence, the steps, the faces, the little Judy-isms. They were all there. I had chills, I don't get chills. - Maybe it's menopause. - Maybe. (all laughing) - I really loved it. I enjoyed every moment. Watching you guys, I soaked it all in. - Michelle, you see? - No more sponges. Frances, don't encourage her. - Monet X Change. Naomi Smalls. Condragulations, you are the top two All Stars of the week. (upbeat music) - I think I wanna talk about, like having superpowers, but also tying it into the games, you know what I mean? Which is really fierce. - Right. - What? (Monet laughs) - I think that these queens should be worried. You know, I can dance, I can sing, and I'm a good lyricist, girl. I have a song on iTunes that has over a million hits, girl. I'm a superstar queen. What do you feel? - I just want this due. Like, I wanna be top two. I would love it if it was us two. - I would live. - I feel like for one of us to win, it would be like you didn't see us coming, you know what I mean? And we showed the (bleep) out. - Monique and I have been so underestimated this entire season, because we're so fresh from season 10, but we were able to come back in and do this immediately, and really slay this competition. This is so crazy. - Hi, Monet. - Hello Ru and Michelle! - [RuPaul] Monet X Change. - Oh bitch, full circle moment, honey. My season, I didn't get to do a podcast with Ru, so I am excited, I'm elated, girl. What's the tea, bitch? - The sponge has landed. (Monet laughs) - I did it just for Michelle. - Hope you mop up the competition. (all laughing) - So you know, this is your first time at the podcast. - It is, Ru. - Because you didn't make it this far last time. - I did not, and I feel a lot of shame. Season 10, I left with my tail between my legs, you know? - You didn't need to do that, though. You did a good job. You were loved, you were Miss Congeniality. - I think the shame for me came with New York City has always exemplified like perfectionism in this competition. Bianca, Bob, Sasha, girls who really just personify that fierce New York grit, but also just talent out the wazoo. You know, towards the end of my season I was really turning out challenges, but on the runway just letting myself and y'all down a lot. So coming back to All Stars, I was like, I want to show Ru and Michelle that I can wear nice clothes! So that was my main goal, but also really do well in the challenges as well, so the expectations I had for myself was to really go above and beyond what I did on my season, you know? Just knowing that you guys are seeing that Monet is that bitch! - Now beyond this competition, what do you see Monet X Change doing? What's on the horizon? - After this, I go to Australia and then I'm traveling my one-woman show, "Call Me By Monet." - "Call Me By Monet?" - [Monet] Yeah, "Call Me By Monet." - I love that, that's brilliant! Is there a peach in your one-woman show? - Oh Ru, you know I had to do it. - Oh yes. (all laughing) - Get your tickets. I'mma get y'all complimentary. Y'all gonna come? - Drink tickets included? - Only for y'all, nobody else okay. - Well, Monet, you are a fabulous queen. I'm so glad you got to come back and show the world what you are made of, and you did just that. - Thank you, Ru. (drumsticks clacking) (upbeat music) ♪ Hey hey ♪ ♪ She's here to set the bar ♪ ♪ To shine her all star ♪ ♪ Ain't takin' names 'cause she's a bad bitch, yeah ♪ ♪ When they don't know what's up ♪ ♪ Prepare to soak it up ♪ ♪ It's clear she's here and she's a savage, mm-hmm ♪ ♪ She poppin, she dippin' ♪ ♪ She spinnin' rockstar ♪ ♪ She droppin', she flippin' ♪ ♪ She winnin' so hard ♪ ♪ You better believe that the power is real ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Never miss a beat ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Landin' on her feet ♪ ♪ Hey hey hey, she's a super queen ♪ ♪ Turnin' up the heat ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ ♪ Flawless victory, yeah ♪ ♪ Super queen ♪ ♪ She's a super queen ♪ - Category is All Star eleganza. ♪ She's a super queen ♪ - First up, Monet X Change. Now starring in "The Color Purple." - [Michelle] La-Fern and Shirley. (judges laughing) - [Ross] Leaf her alone. - For this All Star eleganza, I wanted to give Black opulence and show how gorgeous African silks can be with the stoning and the beading work, and with this beautiful dreadlock updo. I feel really strong, really powerful, and I feel like a (bleep) winner, girl. - [Judge] I'm quite frond of this. (judges laughing) - Wakanda forever. Final question. Why should you be inducted into the Drag Race Hall of Fame? Monet? - "RuPaul's Drag Race" was one of the first shows that I found on television that I saw myself. To be in this moment in front of y'all, on this stage, I know that some kid is sneaking into his mother's room when she's not home, and watching this show, and seeing themselves in me, and discovering that they have that person inside of them. I do believe that everything does happen for a reason. I dunno who, if it's a God, if it's a sea slug, whoever it is, I do feel like I'm supposed to be here at this time, and show you guys that I do listen and I do take in what you are telling me to to perfect my drag, and to take it to the next level. And I'm just (bleep) grateful. - (bleep) grateful. (Monet laughs) Monet, Trinity. There's only one thing standing between you and the Drag Race Hall of Fame. Two top All Stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me, and to prove to the world you belong in the Drag Race Hall of Fame. The time has come for you to lip sync for your legacy! - I am super close to winning this whole competition, girl. It's just a lip sync stands between me and a crown, a scepter, and $100,000. I can taste the crown, and I want it! - Good luck, and don't (bleep) it up. (dramatic music) ♪ After all you put me through ♪ ♪ You'd think I'd despise you ♪ ♪ But in the end, I wanna thank you ♪ ♪ 'Cause you made me that much stronger ♪ ♪ Well I thought I knew you ♪ ♪ Thinkin' that you were true ♪ ♪ Guess I couldn't trust, called your bluff ♪ ♪ Time is up, 'cause I've had enough ♪ ♪ So I wanna say thank you ♪ ♪ 'Cause it makes me that much stronger ♪ ♪ Makes me work a little bit harder ♪ ♪ Makes me that much wiser ♪ ♪ So thanks for making me a fighter ♪ ♪ How could this man I thought I knew ♪ ♪ Turn out to be unjust, so cruel ♪ ♪ Could only see the good in you ♪ ♪ Pretended not to see the truth ♪ ♪ You tried to hide your lies ♪ ♪ Disguised yourself through living in denial ♪ ♪ But in the end you'll see ♪ ♪ You won't stop me ♪ ♪ I am a fighter, I'm a fighter ♪ ♪ I ain't gonna stop, I ain't gonna stop ♪ ♪ There is no turning back ♪ ♪ I've had enough ♪ ♪ Makes me that much stronger ♪ ♪ Makes me work a little bit harder ♪ ♪ Makes me that much wiser ♪ ♪ Thanks for making me a fighter ♪ ♪ Made me learn a little bit faster ♪ ♪ Made my skin a little bit thicker ♪ ♪ Makes me that much smarter ♪ ♪ So thanks for making me a fighter ♪ - Woo! (all cheering) Wow, wow. Amazing. Ladies, I've made my decision. But first, from the Drag Race Hall of Fame, please welcome Chad Michaels, Alaska, and Trixie Mattel. (all applauding) (dramatic music) The winner of "RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars" will win a crown and scepter from Fierce Drag Jewels, and $100,000. The time has come to crown our queen. Monet X Change, Trinity the Tuck, the next All Star to be inducted into the Drag Race Hall of Fame is (tense music) for the first time in All Stars herstory, you are both winners, baby. We have a tie. Winner winner, two chicken dinners. ♪ You're a champion ♪ - Yes! - [RuPaul] You each win $100,000. - Oh my god, yes. ♪ Still standing tall ♪ ♪ You're a champion ♪ - The world is watching, Monet. What do you have to say? - This is further proof that long live the sponge, Michelle! (all laughing) - All right, now prance, queen, prance I said! ♪ You're a champion ♪ ♪ Greatest of 'em all ♪ ♪ You're a champion ♪ ♪ Never gonna fall ♪ ♪ You're a champion ♪ - Everyone was underestimating the power of Monet X Change. This is the booyah moment, girl. This is when you are eating your words, and you are realizing that Monet X Change is a fierce queen. This feels so good, it feels right.hello somebody hello hi i'm nicole hi nicole i'm shangela nice to meet you tell me your name again shangela like angela with an essay okay shangela laquifa wadley the debutant test of the deep south all right for the country -in the house shangela he's a little bougie okay but she's also your home girl how long have you been doing drag for 15 years no ma'am uh-huh all right you better be perfected than you uh only five months oh wow fairly new wow as i step onto the runway it can be a little intimidating you don't want to get up in front of rupaul no there's corn hanging from her hand ladies i've made my decision sahara davenport shantae you stay congratulations girl i love you it's a bittersweet moment i'm happy that i survived but of course i'm sad you know i sent my friend home shangela you have only just begun but i have a feeling we haven't seen the last of you yet good luck my dear thank you now sashay away thank you all [Applause] it was disappointing if i was to lose to anyone in this group i'm glad it was my sister sahara that was a great experience and now it's time for me to pack these wigs and go home now if good things come in small packages then this is going to be redonkulous [Music] [Applause] [Music] merry christmas happy holidays -everybody's face gagged what the -who invited this girl again she already got her moment of glory she got eliminated now for the first time in drag race history i'm giving one of my girls a second chance shangela will be joining you in this competition hey hi one year later i'm in front of mike ruiz again i have something to prove get out here and turn it out round two baby i am ready all right i look forward to it [Music] okay yeah oh yeah oh that's you all christmas never looks so sexy you have made us proud you have done your homework thank you [Music] girl got me right on together when i stepped into that room i felt like i'd gone back in time well i remember the spot that was unlucky in love for me last season so let me go find a new spot hallelujah fool praise him ah now some of these new queens may not be so excited that shangela is back in the building no i auditioned just like ever yeah i auditioned just like everyone else she kept asking me girl how'd you get back she came look about it and i feel like over the last year i've grown and also i want to come back and compete and really compete angela laquifa watley oh she's gained weight and she is a little frosty oh and she's got her piece of corn there all right it's become a tradition here oh and her skirt her skirts light up why is she keeping the batteries i am feeling so confident i love my outfit and all i can think is shangela work -you know what i say never work with animals children or snowmen shangela my dear you are up for elimination i'm in disbelief a year later and here i am again in the bottom two two queens stand before me prior to tonight we were asked to prepare a lip-sync performance of vanessa williams the right stuff ladies this is your last chance to impress me to save yourself from elimination the time has come for you to lip-sync for your life [Music] good luck and don't -it up made don't wanna up here baby venus gets physical but you know what even when pushed you can't stop me [Music] the lip syncing is starting to get a little violent shangela's lampshade has become a weapon [Music] is doing what she's supposed to be doing she's supposed to be lip-syncing and performing and venus is just really pouncing on her [Music] have you got the stuff ladies i must admit that made me feel uncomfortable i expect my queens to outshine each other not outgun each other but i have made my decision shangela shantay you stay thank you thank you very much [Music] thank you next shangela oh chancellor is a real bubble head captain shangela she's a starship trooper so i'm on the runway and i'm like this is super hot i feel so much more confident hitting it the second time back the queen of the space cadets beam me up ladies the reviews are in and based on your drag queens in outer space movie trailers we've made some decisions the winning team is team mariah return to uranus [Music] congratulations you are all safe thank you but three of you emerged as breakout stars shangela alexis the twin bots mimi i'm first i'm feeling super confident comparing myself to everyone else in my group i think that i stand a good chance of winning this one i can only choose one oh damn the rules let's call it a tie shangela alexis congratulations you've won this challenge [Applause] now chancellor what is your expertise this is the hallelujah kate gosling she learned this and then she loaned me this hair oh okay you get your hallelujah and then you say and that'll keep your hip and the hula hoop hits the ground rue is probably thinking this hole don't even know how to hula hoop now yeah okay if it goes down you see i'm single but if it goes down you talk dirty to it uh-huh and it'll rise back oh i see a cardinal rule they call it in the infomercial industry that soft to camera moment where you do that and you can and then you go and you can also it's that moment give me a little swear this is going to work for you a moment please a lot of times things don't go the way that you plan them yes okay that happens for a lot of us out there but let me tell you something you pick up the hallelujah and you put it back around your way and you work the holly huley hoop one two three four i don't want that one no more five six seven eight i am gonna find a date from your hips to god's lift i'm giving him coochie and toilet tissue shoe you don't think you would double click ah now it's shanja laquifa wadley now listen the next drag superstar wannabes carmen carrera and stacey lane matthews were the talk of the town after creating a huge scene last night on the red carpet honey it was a scandalous gondola that's right you were giving me the attitude that you knew exactly what you were doing you were sailing the ship i could take a note or two from you shangela donatello would approve as i'm coming down the runway i feel wind with me it's like that beyonce feel where everywhere you go you got wind sell the garments go ahead go ahead girl fly butterfly hello and welcome to the new snatch game all right ladies and gentlemen with us is the fantastic tina tana hello tina all right rupaul are you gonna be nice or rough on the snatch game i always do it amber rose psycho sally is so psycho instead of kissing her dates good night she blanks them she stabs them team to what do you have she sends them rolling down the river next round dirty diana is so dirty she washes her weave with lysol with lysol because she's dirty yeah all right teacher turtle you want to know one thing yes i want to you want to know why i want to know why love love what's love god no no no no no i can't do it all right keep it real tina all right real real i'm a long way from nut bush brew hallelujah [Laughter] i haven't been able to talk to my grandma since i came into this competition and we talk like every day hey graham it's me dj we're raised in a southern baptist lifestyle and i know that it was a big shift to go oh my god my grandson's a drag queen now but my grand love loves me she's been one of my biggest supporters have to keep going just don't give up no i'm not going to give up i promise that today when i'm talking with her on the phone it just re-inspires me for this competition i don't want to let her down yes oh mimi i'm first raja i know you call yourself top model but i think tyra banks and i would agree you're just fashion roadkill manila luzon asian role model well i hope you're referring to the rolls all over your body and all carmen carrera honey just go jump in the ocean you won't drown silicone floats all right girl the library is permanently closed all right ladies good job but i think we have a winner jenna [Music] for this week's main challenge you need to develop a stand-up comedy routine i'm i'm afraid you can't be afraid you gotta go in or go home it's hard to make people laugh but i'm gonna do it i'm so funny that's funny enough that you're gonna laugh a lot of people here have hosted shows so everyone here is going to be strong competition and that's why when they tell me that my makeup's not the best you know it's important to me to look have the look right when i get in front of the judges it's never a question about talent it's always something regarding my makeup what's the purpose for the makeup it's not to look painted what about what i'm doing here and sculpting the face you know how you're talking take your time from here up i don't use a lot of foundation i don't need it there oh it's not even all the way across no no no because then you're creating a mask everything that angela said is exactly what you never should do you don't put on powder between steps no no how do you no no i said -better have my money right let me tell you something baby they call me la quifa la quifa the pmp now that stands for the postmodern pimp hoe post modern pimp ho means yes i'm still a pimp but i'm also my own hoe that's right cause of the recession y'all i'm telling you i don't have to scale back you know and sometimes i don't even pay myself my own money uh-huh if i did maybe i could get some shoes where my toes weren't hanging five inches off the edge yeah i know you tried to clown me for my cliffhanger yeah i saw it you know and they always trying to clown me on the block baby they always saying lacquifer i say what they say aquifer where your hoes that i said -don't you see i'm wearing four pair of holes right here holding back my well you know i had a dumbass girlfriend that wouldn't join peta she came screaming at me last week talking about la quafa i said what she said la queefa don't you know how many innocent animals had to die for you to have that fur coat i said -do you know how many rich animals i had to get this coat stupid -angela as a post-modern pimp -slap the competition congratulations you are the winner of this challenge call it luke i'm almost speechless and the judge's response to me makes me just feel like i'm going in the right direction thank you chancellor my dear you are up for elimination when rue says that i'm in the bottom two my heart is beating so loudly because it's not time for me to go home it's not two queens stand before me ladies this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination [Music] the time has come for you to lip-sync for your life [Music] good luck and don't get up no matter how hard i try you keep pushing me [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] i really don't think you're strong enough [Music] it hurts me to say that angela's kind of turning it out i mean i'm rooting for my girl but carmen might be in trouble [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] ladies i've made my decision shangela shantay you stay thank you shangela oh mad max she ma'am the barbarian the minute i hit that runway i am alien warrior princess and i'm coming for you two queens enter one queen leaves beyond the merkin dome ooh i want to see that in 3-d next up shangela hi roo where did you get the inspiration for your fantasy outfit you know i love sci-fi films i love horde scarier films wait what did you call me ladies i've made my decision alexis mateo shantay you stay [Music] shangela no one can say you didn't try your hardest and it's that drive that will take you far live your dreams mama now sashay away thank you all thank you hallelujah hallelujah it's a sad feeling because i definitely came back into this competition wanting to win and it's not been easy but i'm leaving a winner and it's just a lesson for everyone who's ever wanted to pursue any dream they've had live your passion and live it to the fullest hallelujah [Music] wait a minute somebody's missing no no no no no no somebody is missing 13 13 i know oh pit crew explosive oh oh my god i'm sitting on that box it ain't opening i'm gonna kick that box all right boys let me see what you got hallelujah yes i'm back -oh hell chisel no it's time to make room for new queen yeah yes ma'am well what about you roo oh oh -oh you know what oh pit crew take this box out back throw in a rabid honey badger that it's on fire [Music] well hello who could this be looks like the box got an upgrade and so did i hallelujah i'm bad -again hey i'm shangela baby i'm a double kind of hoe i was on season two and three you know what they say third time's a charm hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah he's so gay and he's so good they're always saying la cueva i say what you have an irrepressible energy but can energy make up for a lack of experience i think the biggest misconception about my drag was that i wasn't trying hard and i swear girl y'all i was trying my hardest but come to find out you actually do need to know something about makeup and hair and costumes in order to be a full well-rounded queen oh what's up -hallelujah season two's in the house i was there too one day you are back again and again 47th time 47 times well 47th since season three y'all know i stepped into high gear and became a true professional i've worked in television i've worked in film i have been able to headline my own show on the las vegas strip i'm not baby shinji anymore chad in alaska maybe make broom put me in that hall of fame porgy thor you know i love clowns uh-huh and i never met an unfunny one until i heard you read it the low rent michelle visage sister it's nice to see you here it's nice to see you anywhere considering you've been unemployed since season six morgan mcmichael sister i know you love to perform hard rock music and that's good because that face is also a hard rock first up our working girl shangela [Music] this [Music] and now i'm back in this party [Applause] [Music] this is how you steal the show i'm a [Applause] proud [Music] [Applause] [Music] is the bus still running first up shangela what a way to start the show chantelle i wrote down the second you came out a 10. because you are so good you just commanded that stage and oh my god the speed at which you hit that sublime i was like oh it was so good this is a bodysuit and some thigh high boots anywhere we go from here is going to be a plus for me because there were four body suits that were embellished tonight on this stage consider it burnt [Laughter] i'm getting all these body suits i'm gonna go burn them i'm thankful that i wasn't in the bottom two this first challenge and so my goal now is to try to get in that top two live to fight another day yes we do i'm coming at this like game of thrones okay i am the daenerys targaryen of drag shangela stormborn baby i'm the mother of dragons i'm the breaker of chains i'm coming for the crown y'all give me some powder cause i feel sweaty oh hello hello hello ladies [Applause] all stars i have some exciting news oh for one night only we're bringing back some classic tv as we throw our very own vh1 diva's live and this year get this it's a salute to mamaroo [Applause] i mean it's really just an honor to be nominated by yourself you'll be performing some of my greatest hits in a lip sync extravaganza [Music] each of you will portray a different iconic diva so shangela you'll be the elusive chances oh yeah mariah carey darling how y'all doing we're about to bring it with the divas oh lord here we go she's already in full character [Music] excuse me are you ready i'm sorry darling i'm a method actress okay i'm giving y'all very meryl streep in this moment this week's runway is redemption where we get to remake our worst fashion faux pas and this will be really interesting because a lot of these girls have had some real ugly fashions including myself shangela yes baby how you feeling boo you know what i'm less concerned about the divas thing and more concerned about the redemption look because not only is this a look that i failed at last time but also vanessa williams was the judge on the episode yeah when of the fail that i'm doing today so if you i'm just gonna she's gonna be vanessa shangela how do you think you were perceived on your season it was mixed i mean honestly i would meet people and they'd be like oh my god i love you in my during your season my boyfriend hated you but it's so nice to meet you in person because now we both love you and i'm like i get the sign thank you michelle i had no idea they were honoring me i mean of course who else are going to be ironic okay shut up here they are okay happy new year everybody you made [Music] someone's getting fired let's let the audience [Music] cut the track i think you know to get it right sometimes a diva has to do things on her own [Music] [Applause] oh my god shangela christmas eleganza season three wow fantastic first of all miss vanessa ain't aged or moved since season three numero dos to see the smile is just total validation for this moment we're gonna get you out of there shangela hold on angela if you can hear me there's only 30 more seconds of oxygen left in there angela ben de la creme [Music] congratulations you are the top two all-stars of the week [Applause] welcome back ladies two top all-stars stand before me prior to tonight you were asked to prepare a lip sync performance of jump by the pointer sisters this is your chance to impress me win ten thousand dollars and earn the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop the time has come to lip-sync for your legacy now bendela she's won two challenges at this point she's a sneaky hoe okay she ain't taking my ten thousand dollars no ma'am good luck and don't hit up tell me if [Music] next to me [Music] you want me [Applause] ladies i've made my decision shangela you're a winner baby yay thank you you've earned a cash tip of ten thousand dollars shangela corn rue is it me or is she looking a bit husky i don't remember eating corn corn is something that will forever be associated with meat look i'm from the country and i keep it real nothing says that better than corn oh my goodness popcorn you want some boy butter on there you don't have to ask me swipes there may be a kernel of truth to this dress that's right honey you better pop the corn and feed the children gmo no you better not hi angela hey bruce hi i see tarot cards there's a telephone and a caftan back there mark do you know who this is who is it this is miss cleo yeah the late great miss cleo that's right she died a couple years ago uh from heart disease she didn't see that coming that was my joke mark i'm sorry it's my job now were there other people that you considered for sure i considered diva jennifer lewis who i love so very much and you know her intimately yes this is actually one of jen's coach she let me go diving in her uh closet before coming here and here's marc jacobs and you didn't know mark would be here no i saw it in the cards though oh yeah see the cards never lie call me now darling well actually your accent sounded a little like ireland for a minute there wait a minute miss cleo is jamaican if you're thinking chief of four-leaf cloverfish i'm maybe going home with cleo oh darling no that didn't say that in the cards but are you wearing an irish accent i've got a lot riding on this i can't pick this up call me call me now i'm going with the backup jennifer lewis welcome to an all-star edition of the snatch game let's welcome our contestant he hasn't worn men's underwear since 1982 let's welcome carson cressley hi everybody her boob job is so old her breasts are filled with asbestos it's true please welcome michelle visage contestants are you ready to meet our celebrities yes from the hit show blackish jennifer lewis yes that's right rupaul that's jennifer lewis one in one eye and a hell of a lot of talent are you all ready to play the snatch game yeah all right first question for carson kristen chenoweth is so tiny that when she walks into a restaurant the hostess hands her a blank celebrities go ahead and write your answer down all right what say you carson i'm not a doctor but i'm gonna say growth hormones all right let's go and see if you have any math let's move on down to jennifer lewis well look at those cute little christian i love her two broadway divas you know i worked with kristin wade back in the day that's right yeah i know i'm lying i ain't working with that -but in the house i think that kristen has to fit up in that little bubble in wicked you saw the show i saw it yeah and therefore i think that man handed her a high five when she walked in that would be apropos whether apra hoe who called him yeah well yo i'm about to have a hot flash up in oh yes yeah yeah you know i'm going through menopause are you yeah i don't know why they call it menopause though ain't no men up in me angela oh i love that beyonce put the twins back in for this she did shangela [Music] ben de la creme congratulations you are the top two all-stars of the week welcome back ladies two top all-stars stand before me ladies this is your chance to win ten thousand dollars and earn the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop the time has come got your lip-sync for your legacy [Music] just [Music] [Music] no i don't even know your name it doesn't matter [Music] magical soft skin red lips so kissable ain't no big deal the taste of her cherries [Music] [Applause] ladies i've made my decision shangela you're a winner baby yay thank you i'm not going to reveal who i was going to send home oh i was gonna bring in just let everybody know so don't come asking me we do this every week girl you know what i say and i would just really really appreciate if everybody just let that be she's not gonna chow let's not talk about it then thank you let's get out of drag -yes let's go drag oh baby miss bb she don't want to piss off whoever the girl is whose lipstick is sitting up in her raw titty okay she said i ain't pulling the lipstick from the broad titty because i still need allies in this game oh so that's cersei latta stuff i see now but here come the dragons i'm daenerys -another day it's time to get ready for today's runway red for phil the elimination tonight is going to be super important because next week rupaul crowns an all-star shangela wow are you happy to see me next shangela i love your outfit i live for moments like this when it started to inflate i got a little excited i'm single and you'll notice in the acting challenge i didn't give you a lot of direction i just sat back and enjoyed the shangela show you nailed it and i think you did octavia spencer very proud thank you shangela trixie mattel congratulations you are the top two all-stars of the week thank you [Applause] [Music] welcome back ladies to all-stars stand before me ladies this is your chance to impress me win ten thousand dollars and earn the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop the time has come don't you lip-sync for your legacy good luck and don't eat good evening everybody i'm so happy i was up in here my name is miss valerie valentine and i'm your host it's an emcee for this evening how's everybody doing kiss me like you miss me hunt me like you hate me shoot a movie on my face take another picture put it on my insta come on give me another taste money don't make the money but freaking money you get the money cause freaky money you get the money cause free get freaking money [Music] money [Music] friday [Music] is [Music] money [Music] [Applause] ladies i've made my decision it's not over till the fat lady twerks angela you are a winner [Music] congratulations you've earned a cash tip of ten thousand dollars thank you oh and one last thing the eliminated queens are coming back back back again to hate why aren't they at the house girl they don't come back more than me who keeps letting them back in baby lock the does not only are they returning but they will play a vital role in your final evaluation oh wow and tomorrow on the main stage more will be revealed so good luck and don't hit up [Music] started as a baby now i'm all grown up gonna take this verse just to let you know never listen to the haters be a pro cause i worked my way paid my dues now i got the whole world [Music] is [Music] [Applause] kitty [Applause] [Music] is [Music] up next shangela oh work miss she's serving hot pockets i'm floating baby you can't even see my feet i feel like cinderella at the ball and i'm gonna be here well past midnight marilyn monroe whoa shangela i have so enjoyed watching you this entire season i loved your fashion every week because it's very entertaining it's really polished it's also a little bit campy but it's super fun and well done and this look is a 10. i'm january jonesing for more and in the live performance any other -at the top of the game in music should look over their shoulder it just was so tight and so right it just looked like somebody in their element you are a scene stealer i mean every single week you brought it she did that i am so proud of you i can clean up on aisle two oh my god thank you chancellor thank you all where's my jury oh hi girl walking into the liberation i feel like ned stark of game of thrones when he was walking up to that guillotine -hi y'all hi let's look at the six three of them i ended their drag race journey two of them are looking at me like that should be me up there i was eliminated too early and one of them she sent herself to the house only to have to come back so i know she's out there like -that could be me honey i got zero out of six how do you feel about us choosing the top two well to be honest with you i was like oh lord because kennedy bebe and i have all been put in the difficult situation before of sending someone home trixie has not so we were like well we already got one leg down if anyone was to hold the grudge oh yeah i'm wrecked but i'm feeling okay don't give up shinji just be genuine and be honest and just pour your heart out season two yes ma'am season three all-stars three what makes this feel like this is your time to get this crown honestly after season two and three i went to drag school true story i was working but the whole time i was watching people i was asking questions and i just never gave up and i feel like tonight is my graduation truly even though if y'all don't choose me to be the valedictorian i'm still getting my diploma in drag and not because nobody gave it to me it's because i earned it i've been working i've been working not just to prove something to other people but also to prove it to myself the spot in the all-stars hall of fame validates all the work that you've done to me if i feel i want people to say look at baby change start it from the bottom now we're here okay i'm a worker i know that i've earned this spot and i hope that you guys knowing me here and outside this competition will take into consideration just the amount of work that i've put in and i guess i ain't got nothing else to say about hallelujah and please pick me i've been straight up with all the girls in this competition on and off camera i love y'all for real but if the girls don't want me to win they're not gonna put me in the two that's just the way it is that's it shan's good job this guy good job baby bye ladies madame forewoman has the jury chosen the final two all-stars to lip-sync for their legacy yes rue morgan you may tell the queens who you and the jury have chosen to lip-sync for their legacy well we tallied up the votes and the top two all-stars are [Music] kennedy davenport [Music] and trixie mattel [Music] shangela phoebe i'm sorry my dears but this is not your time you are and will always be all stars thank you please step to the back of the stage you get right there to the edge and then you don't get it and it's a horrible feeling [Music] but the way roo is looking at me it's like look at my daughter that's my child up there and that makes me really like really really proud so i'm gonna keep my head up i'm gonna keep it pushing and i'm gonna keep working my story's not over. ​​(upbeat music) (cheering) - [Drag Queen] Shut up! - [Alyssa] My name is Alyssa Edwards and I am 32 years of age. I'm known as the Vanessa Williams of drag because after winning the title of Mrs. Gay America, the crown was taken away from me. Girl, I am gagging. I am here to show people I still got it. I need to get up in this gig, girl. Let me get a look. - [Ru] Deeper. Don't be so shallow, Alyssa. Your legs look like calamari when you do that. - Okay. - [Ru] Dance underwater. Is that dress wash and wear? Careful on these wet, slippery surfaces. Queen down. - At least I did it gracefully. - [Photographer] Very. - [Ru] Alyssa Edwards. Wow. - [Judge] She's all about the drama. - [Ru] It's very drama filled. - [Judge] The bird flew a coop on this one. (laughter) - [Alyssa] I'm serving dark and twisted Alyssa Edwards realness. My blood is flowing and my heart is pumping and my mind is in it to win it. - [Judge] Somebody took the black swan and mated it with the matador and now we've got bird flu. (laughter) (upbeat music) - My train girl, my train. - [Jinkx] Our challenge this week is to lip sync to a past scene from Un-tucked. - Where do you want me to be? - Mimi, over here then. - [Jinkx] My team had to do scenes from season three. It's Shangela, Mimi Imfurst, and Maria. - [Mimi] Boo, just cause you got a sugar daddy who pays for everything for you. - Bitch! (shouting) - [Jinkx] Okay, ready? - Boo, just cause you got a sugar daddy who pays for everything for you. - Bitch! (shouting) - Oh my gosh, watch out, watch out, watch out. Anybody got hurt? - [Alyssa] Graceful. Do it again, come on, press play. Bitch! (shouting) Do it again, do it again. - [Drag Queen] Can I have just one second to get this back on? - Just get it for her fast. Ready, five, four. - Oh (beep). - [Alyssa] Do it again, just roll it up. - I will never look like that. - True. Do it again. - [Drag Queen] It is easier for you to say do it again. Okay, can I have a second? - Oh, but you wanna really fight? - [Ru] Alyssa Edwards. (barking) I think she's choking her dog. - [Alyssa] I have my clutch in my left hand and my baby chinchilla in my right and I'm serving Rodeo Drive fish-ness. - [Judge] She walks like a dressage horse. (laughter) - [Ru] Welcome ladies. Let's take a look at your viral videos. First up, team Serena Cha Cha. In the interior illusion's lounge, Shangela and Maria confronted Mimi Imfurst. - You told them you could do glamor and you were high fashion. Do you feel that you delivered that today? That's the question. - No, but I don't think that was a challenge. - Don't tip toe around the answer. The thing is, you just told us that what you do is camp. - You'll never be glamor. - Boo, just cause you got a sugar daddy who pays for everything for you. - [Alyssa] I've never had a sugar daddy. If I wanted a sugar daddy, yes I probably could go out and get one because I am what? Sickening bitch! (shouting) Stretch and extend all the way over, stretch that side. Today's main challenge is we have to tell Ru Paul's story through the art of dance. This is a very important challenge to me because I own and operate a dance studio. Good and straighten and fingers crossed that everything just falls into place. Oh here we go, here we go, they're coming. One, two, three, four, second five, down, seven, up eight, back one, two, three, four. - [Roxxxy] The looks on their faces were like uh oh. - Oh, that's real fancy, girls. And I about (beep) my pants. - Bye kids. - Bye guys. - Sike and it worked. (upbeat music) - Hi. - [Travis] How are you guys? - Good. - [Nick] Are you guys ready to dance today? - [Travis] All right, so let's start with scene number one. - [Nick] Oh, good Ru, evil Ru, this one's gonna be good. - [Alyssa] After not speaking to Co Co for two years and then blow up last week and then being picked for his team today, I'm hoping that our chemistry can be there and we can really deliver. - I think you should definitely do the lift. This is about trusting each other. Can you just take her around this way and turn me and go, lift, like that way? Slide and jump, go. (laughter) I feel like they're like hesitant 'cause they're just not willing to trust each other yet. They definitely have the most work cut out for them. You'd run around her, you'd grab her by the throat and then you just let her go. Go around, go around, go around, go around and then grab him by the throat, grab. Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake. - It felt so good. (upbeat music) - [Alaska] Alyssa's most known for her faces that she makes in the mirror. - [Alyssa] The weird faces, that's my favorite part. - [Alaska] Playing the ugliest face game? - [Alyssa] Yeah. - [Drag Queen] So that's what you do on the runway, Alyssa? (shouting) (whimsical music) - Just pull it all in. - [Ru] Act Two of No Ru-Paul-ogies starring team Co Co Montrese. I can't wait to see how this turns out. (intense music) Super stardom was so close, I could taste it, but there was a war raging, a battle between me and myself. I hit rock bottom. I had two choices, to die, or die trying. (intense music) (applause) Bravo. Alyssa Edwards. - Tonight is ridonculous and I've not seen a queen grand jete across the stage before. Fierce. - [Judge] You embodied everything of the evil Ru and I don't think the evil Ru lost. - No, it didn't lose. - [Travis] If you walk into every challenge as confident as you were with this challenge, I think you'll go a very long way in this competition. - [Ru] The winner of this week's main challenge is Alyssa Edwards. - [Alyssa] I'm at a loss for words and that doesn't happen much. I'm just very thankful. - First up wearing pink, Alyssa Edwards. Who are the jewels by? - They're rented. - [Ru] The night of the opera. Jade Jolie. (laughter) Thank you Jade Jolie. Jinkx Monsoon. Oh my. - The missing Olsen twin. - [Ru] Uh huh. - [Judge] She just woke up. - [Ru] This way Jinkx. - [Alyssa] I don't think Jinkx did anything with the blanket, she just put the blanket on and gave it a character, what she does best. - All right Ian, so who wore it best? - [Ian] It is a stiff competition I will say, but it has to be Alyssa Edwards. - [Ru] All right, Alyssa Edwards. Alyssa Edwards. The little mermaid's all grown up. - [Alyssa] I am the definition of fishy glamor. Always and forever, Alyssa Edwards. - [Judge] What's her net worth? (laughter) - [Ru] She has a date with Moby Dick. - [Judge] Lucky. - [Ru] Now, in my illustrious career, I've had to put on my makeup without a mirror or during a power blackout. So for today's mini challenge, you have to apply your makeup in total darkness. (laughter) Lights out. (laughter) - [Alaska] I'm certain that whether it's light or dark, Alyssa is still making this face in the mirror. - [Ru] Ladies, I'm watching you. Hm, interesting. Very interesting. All right, lights up. Alyssa Edwards. It's kinda gorgeous. (laughter) Alyssa, we're still here, hun, over here. - [Judge] Alyssa Edwards. Action. - Every woman has a secret. Mine happens to be a little bigger. - What did you say? (laughter) - My secret? I'm a man. (laughter) - [Ru] Alyssa Edwards. Dallas meets Dynasty meets Not Landing. - [Alyssa] I am giving 2013 business woman and I am living for my gig today. - [Judge] Ah, the smell of it. - [Ru] Ah yes. - [Judge] Does this skirt make my damask look big? - For today's mini challenge, we're going to play the crying game. - Oh no. - [Ru] Where you need to cry on cue. Tears. So put on some mascara and meet me in the sharing circle. - [Alyssa] Being an Orange County housewife, it's not as glamorous as it seems. My husband, he was addicted to sex. - [Ru] There's nothing more sad than the tears of a drag queen. - [Alyssa] I gave that man everything I had. - Ladies, thanks again for sharing. The two winners of today's mini challenge are Detox and Alyssa. Congratulations. - All right. My name is Alyssa Edwards and I need, I need, I need, I need, I need to get up in this all star gig. (laughter) Baby, I am Alyssa Edwards representing season five and I was a lovely fifth alternate. Thank the Lords above, I'm back, back, back, back, back again. Alyssa Edwards realness. 'Cause I'm what? Sickening. Back rolls? Oh, she has got her Russian get up on. - I love that you're wearing a cape again. - You know, I didn't know if I wanted to be Goldilocks or Little Red. - Red Riding Ho. - [Drag Queen] Alyssa Edwards, she looks just like she did when she walked in season five. Just with a little better hair and slightly less rolls. - Girl, look at us. - Get up in the mirror, girl. - This is really good picture, okay, okay. - You cannot have a conversation with Alyssa if you are in proximity to a mirror and even if like Ed McMan had risen from the dead, presenting her with a three hundred thousand dollar check, she'd be like. One second, one second. It's nice to see that they re-grouted the brick and no, I was not talking about you that time. - Oh, she already started, girl. The shade is knee deep already, girl, day one. Allow me to introduce to you Monsters Inc. (laughter) Alaska gutted. Foxy Andrews rotted. Co Co Montrese, beast. (laughter) - [Ru] Up next, Alyssa Edwards. Talent, variety. Alyssa Edwards, welcome back. - That's right Mama Ru, I'm back, just minus the back rolls. - [Ru] Now I have a feeling that we are one step closer to finding Alyssa's secret. Let the music play. - [Narrator] Long, long ago, there was a little gay boy from Texas. - Mesquite, Texas darling. Baby, hand me that script and let me tell the real story. I packed a bag, hopped on a plane, and Ru Paul declared, Alyssa Edwards, a star is born. (cheering) - [Narrator] Live tonight, our kinda gal, Alyssa Edwards. - [Drag Queen] Alyssa's performance is quintessential Alyssa. She has a puppet of Ru Paul, she has a tear away, it's everything. (cheering) ♪ I'm back, back, back, back, back again ♪ ♪ Giving you a dose of what's happening ♪ ♪ All these crowns I'm snatching in ♪ ♪ Got more yes gods in the bad again ♪ ♪ The names Mrs. Edwards, I'm the champion ♪ (cheering) - We're doing Joan Crawford. - [Alyssa] Yeah, Mrs. Mommy Dearest. - Yes god. - [Drag Queen] Now can you talk like Joan without your accent? - I think you should leave the accent. - I fought worse monsters for years in Hollywood. (laughter) - [Drag Queen] Alyssa's got to redeem herself from the Katy Perry. - Have you ever kissed a girl? - Ru, never. - But uh, yeah. - [Drag Queen] 'Cause it's either gonna be a train wreck, or it's gonna be a fun, hilarious train, it's gonna be a train wreck regardless. - Let's meet our contestants. A stay at home mom from Riverside, California, Raven. - Hi. - [Ru] And a flight attendant who likes long walks on the beach, big (beep) and fried chicken, Jujubee. - Hi. - [Ru] Ladies, are you ready to meet our stars? - Yes! - Now ladies and gentlemen, the legendary Joan Crawford. How are the kids, Joan? - [Alyssa] Deliberately trying to embarrass me in front of these reporters. (laughter) I fought worst monsters for years in Hollywood. - Yes, I know. - Barbara please. (laughter) Don't (beep) with me fellas! (laughter) - [Ru] All right now, TV's toughest legal eagle, Nancy Grace is here, ladies and gentlemen. - Breaking news, we need to get down to the basics of the alleged child abuse. - Joan Crawford? - Where's the body? - Christina, bring me the ax. (laughter) Now! (laughter) - All right, let's play snatch game. Juju, this is for you. - Okay. - Those sexy Kardashians sisters are starring in a new sci-fi epic called Star Blank. Pens down celebrities. Okay Jujubee. - I'm gonna do it. Star Booty. - Star Booty. - Uh huh girl. - [Ru] Let's go to celebrities and see if you have any matches on that. - Zero. - Joan Crawford. Star Booty! That's a match. You got it, lady. - You think you're clever, don't you? (laughter) Well think again. (laughter) - [Ru] This is gonna be for Raven. The pit crew have spent way too much time around drag queens. Now before they slip on their Andrew Christian underwear, they blank. Raven. - They take a very tasteful photo of their nether region so that they can post it online. (laughter) They take a selfie. - They take a selfie. Let's see if you got any matches over here. Joan Crawford, what do you say? - They clean all the wire hangers out of the closet. - Wire hangers, Joan? - No wire hangers ever! Why? - Well that don't make no kinda sense, but it sure is entertaining. - This ain't my first time. - [Ru] Yes, yes, at the where? - At the snatch game. (laughter) Girl, I need a, I need a, I need a, I need a, I need to get up in this Annie Oakley get up gig. On season five, I hated playing anything other than Alyssa, but I wanna prove to Ru that I'm more than just some pageant queen that can kick and twirl, I can be a character. - [Drag Queen] What you doing with your hair? - [Alyssa] I think I like her. - Oh. - Is she country enough? (laughter) (laughter) Girl you better believe, I'm gonna do my best to steal the show, that's the name of this game. (laughter) (whimsical music) (gun shots) - [Annie] I'm Annie Oakley and this is my band, the Sharp Shooters. Five, six. (gun shots) ♪ Been on my own since I was young ♪ ♪ Came out my momma with a gun ♪ ♪ A better shot than anyone ♪ ♪ No one could beat me ♪ ♪ But there's a story y'all don't know ♪ ♪ My draw was fast and his was slow ♪ ♪ It really was his time to go ♪ ♪ So I went bang bang ♪ ♪ Bang bang ♪ ♪ These double barrels pumped him full of lead ♪ ♪ I went bang bang ♪ ♪ Bang bang ♪ ♪ He's six feet under, lying in my bed ♪ Well, I guess I'm done. Yippee eye kai gay. (laughter) - [Ru] Alyssa Edwards. - [Judge] She's horny baby. - [Alyssa] Girl, I got my beaded wig on girl, I got the horns, I got the moon boots, I am giving y'all everything. - [Judge] Oh, I just noticed the boots. - [Ru] Yeah. Now is that a fascinator on her head or a doggie bag? (laughter) Based on the judge's critiques, I declare that Detox and Alyssa Edwards you are the top two all stars of the week. (applause) Condragulations. Welcome back ladies. Two top all stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your chance to impress me, win 10 thousand dollars, and earn the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop. The time has come for you to lip sync for your legacy. - [Alyssa] I am looking Ru Paul dead in the eyes. I'm in it to win it. - Good luck and don't (beep) it up. (upbeat music) ♪ I feel the night explode ♪ ♪ When we're together ♪ ♪ Take me, I'm yours ♪ ♪ Into your arms ♪ ♪ Never let me go ♪ ♪ Tonight, I really need to know ♪ ♪ Tell it to my heart ♪ ♪ I can feel my body rock ♪ ♪ Every time you call my name ♪ ♪ The passion's so complete ♪ ♪ It's never ending ♪ ♪ As long as I receive ♪ ♪ The message you're sending ♪ ♪ Love, love on the run ♪ ♪ Breaking us down ♪ ♪ No I can't let you go ♪ ♪ Tell it to my heart ♪ ♪ Tell me I'm the only one ♪ ♪ Is this really love or just a game ♪ ♪ Tell it to my heart ♪ ♪ I can feel my body rock ♪ ♪ Every time you call my name ♪ (applause) - [Ru] Ladies, I have made my decision. Alyssa Edwards, you're a winner baby. Here she comes, Alyssa Edwards. Oh, the la Croix poof. - [Judge] Yes. - [Judge] I'm ready for my close up. - [Judge] Oh, I love it. - [Alyssa] Girl please, I've taken selfie to a whole nother level. Paparazzi who? Oh, I see why you love me darling. - [Judge] That is amazing. Kodak mammories. (laughter) - [Ru] Alaska, with great power comes great responsibility. Which queen have you chosen to get the chop? - [Alaska] As it gets fewer and fewer, it gets more and more difficult and so I hope that this queen who I consider to be my sister will understand the decision that I've made tonight. So the queen I've selected is Alyssa Edwards. (sobbing) I'm so sorry. (sobbing) - [Ru] Alyssa Edwards, as it is written, so it shall be done. You are an all star, always and forever. - Thank you. - Now, sashay away. - I'm so sorry, I love you so much. - Well, I was a lovely fifth alternate. (laughter) Always and forever, Alyssa Edwards. (laughter) I'm gonna take my own advice. Winning isn't everything, but wanting to is. There are so many people that wanna be in this competition and I'm one of the lucky ones. A true champion isn't the one that necessarily leaves with a trophy. (sirens blaring) Alyssa, it ain't over. (shouting) - I'm back, back, back, back, back again. - Hello, hello, hello. (cheering) Welcome back strangers. It's time for the returning queens to get their revenge and I can't wait to see who gets the last laugh. - Oh God. - [Ru] Because for this week's all star maxi challenge, you'll be doing a stand up comedy show in pairs. The top two returning queens will lip sync for 10 thousand dollars and the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop. But most importantly, get the right to return to the competition. Hashtag revenge of the queens. - [Alaska] The last time we were paired together, you ended up being in the bottom and going home. I don't know who sent you home, whoever did, I will never forgive them. - No girl. Even though Alaska chose me to leave the competition. - Alyssa Edwards. - I still have so much mad respect for her and I feel like the respect is mutual between us. - [Alaska] Okay, I think we need to play to your strengths. - Yes. - Your strengths are off the cuff buffoonery responses, like you're, yes exactly. - Let's do it. - [Alaska] For this challenge, I really want Alyssa to have the freedom to go off on Alyssa Edwardian tangents 'cause that's when she's really funny and that's when she succeeds. - You make an outline, I can go with it on the fly. Now I might have my cliff notes. - [Alaska] Cliffs notes. Like the person's name is Cliff. - [Alyssa] Who told you that? - I read them, they're books. - Yes, exactly. (laughter) - My name is Alaska, just like the state. - My name is Alyssa Edwards and this definitely ain't nobody's secret that this gig-arama is completely full of buffoonery, rigor-y, and straight up tom foolery. (laughter) - Totally. (laughter) Alyssa, we're in the company of some amazing queens tonight. - Where? (laughter) - Ouch. Detox and Tatiana are here. - [Alyssa] The hills have eyes part two the remix. (laughter) - Bam. (laughter) Describe Michelle Visage in one word, go. - Beast! (laughter) - Burn. (laughter) - [Ru] Welcome back ladies. Two top all stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your chance to impress me, win 10 thousand dollars and the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop but most importantly, the winner will earn the right to return to the competition. The time has come for you to not only lip sync for your legacy, but to lip sync for your life! God, I miss saying that! Good luck and don't (beep) it up. ♪ I been looking for a driver who was qualified ♪ ♪ So if you think that you're the one ♪ ♪ Step into my ride ♪ ♪ I'm a fine tuned super sonic speed machine ♪ ♪ With a sunroof top and a gangster lean ♪ ♪ My engine's ready to explode ♪ ♪ So start me up and watch me go, go, go, go ♪ ♪ Get you where you wanna go, if you know what I mean ♪ ♪ Got a ride that's smoother than a limousine ♪ ♪ Can you handle the curves ♪ ♪ Can you run all the lights ♪ ♪ If you can baby boy, then we can go all night ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm zero to 60 in 3.5 ♪ ♪ Baby you got the keys ♪ ♪ Shut up and drive, drive, drive ♪ ♪ 'Cause your Maybach ain't got what I got, get it, get it ♪ ♪ Don't stop, it's a sure shot ♪ ♪ So step inside and ride, ride, ride ♪ ♪ So start me up and watch me go, go, go ♪ ♪ Get you where you wanna go if you know what I mean ♪ ♪ Got a ride that's smoother than a limousine ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm zero to 60 in 3.5 ♪ ♪ Baby you got the keys ♪ ♪ Now shut up and drive, drive, drive ♪ ♪ Shut up and drive, drive, drive ♪ ♪ Shut up and drive ♪ (applause) - [Ru] Ladies, I've made my decision. Tatiana, you're a winner baby and Alyssa Edwards, you are also a winner baby. (cheering) Condragulations, you are both back in the competition. (cheering) I'm giving you each a tip of five thousand dollars. What you doing, girl? - Um, I'm marketing executive opulence fashion tape. - Oh, that's fabulous. What do you think I got going on over here? - It looks like you've got Alyssa's go go juice. (laughter) - [Alyssa] It's a shot of G-3, the go, go, go. - Oh. - [Alyssa] When people think of Alyssa Edwards, they think of high energy. It don't have to be a Tuesday or a Saturday, full speed, full throttle, full out. - I mean, I guess I'll try it. My name is Alyssa Edwards and this is the true secret. (mumbling) - [Maria] Alyssa, and action. - Why wake up and just be cute when you could spring up and be drop dead gorgeous? - [Maria] Um, what you just did wasn't really full of energy. If you're selling an energy drink, you gotta be energetic. - Okay. - [Judge] Oh yes, oh, oh. Oh, the phone's ringing, the phone's ringing. Oh, someone's calling. To the camera, to the camera. - Pick up your step. Yes, yes. And kick, and layout. Yes, woo, woo! - Come on Debbie Allen. - Right. - [Alyssa] My fellow Americans, now I know you've all been dying to know my secret and I'm here to share with you the latest energy enhancer, DDG, Drop Dead Gorgeous. That puts the go in go go. So if you're looking to refuel your life and get a nice good kick and a boost, why wake up and just be cute, when you could spring up and be drop dead gorgeous? Not only am I a consumer, I'm also the president. - Let's give a big drag race family welcome to Alyssa's sister, Tabitha. (cheering) - I'm very close to my sister, Tabby. I'm so happy to see her here. When's the last time we seen each other? Oh, mom's funeral. - Yeah, a year ago, you know that's tomorrow it makes a year. - Yeah. But at the same time, there's so many mixed emotions. Mom would have loved to do this, she would have. - Yeah. I'm glad we're together 'cause it's a sensitive time for us. - Well thank you for coming. The day that they closed my mother's casket, I just shut down. I just threw myself into my work. I felt that if I didn't see my family or if I shut them out, I didn't have to face the passing of my mother, so now seeing Tabitha, oh, I'm facing it. - It's just a piece of me will never be, I'll never be complete. - And I felt like there was so much on me, that's why I just said I have to, I have to focus on work, keep myself moving. - Keep yourself busy. - That's why I've been traveling so much. - Yeah. - I needed time. It was too much for me. It was too much. I'm feeling guilty because I just don't think that I've been a good big brother because I should've been there more for my family. It's just kind of something that I'm holding heavy on my heart. As much as I wanna be in this challenge to win, it's hard to get my head in the game. It's like I'm at capacity. - Alyssa Edwards, you've brought Tabitha here. - This is my baby sister. - [Ru] Now, you don't seem like someone who's that flashy. - Right. - Where do you think this one has gotten the Alyssa flare? - Our mom, that's where it came from. - Really? - Yeah. - [Alyssa] She had a personality that was just, it lit up a room. - [Tabitha] Yeah, energetic. - My mom danced, I got that from her. She felt like everything I touched was gold. - [Tabitha] She was always encouraging. - [Alyssa] I had one person that believed in me, like she protected me from the cruelty of the world. - [Tabitha] You are what you are because of her. - Yeah. - What was your mom's name? - Cheri Ann. - What does it say here? - Um, love never dies, but someday we all will. Tomorrow's the one year anniversary of our mom's passing. - [Ru] So is this a dedication to her? - Yes. - [Ru] And have you processed all of this yet? - I don't, I feel like I. - No. - Taken, it was like taking the time to sit down and like face it a little. It was the right time. - [Ru] I'm glad you guys get to be together because I think this needed to happen. This is for Cheri Ann. - Yeah. - The world gets to see her fabulousness through you. She's with us. - She is, definitely. - Thank you so much. - Thank you. - I'm putting you in full drag today. - I can't wait to see this side by side. - [Alyssa] I think when I get in drag, I see, in me, I see so much of you guys. - [Tabitha] Yeah, and we all have mom's eyes. - [Alyssa] Yeah, the big eyes. - Yeah, beautiful. - [Alyssa] Today's the day, it's the one year anniversary of our mom's passing and I'm like okay, just be strong, be strong, be strong, Tabby, we're gonna do this. I don't wanna be so sad today. - No, we need to be happy and show out for her. - We're gonna show out for her. - [Ru] Serving glamor, family style, Alyssa and Ava Edwards. Oh my goodness. - [Judge] They're all out of Aqua Net at the store. - [Alyssa] Oh baby, so much hair on the runway. Mrs. Tabitha, AKA, Ava Edwards is all up in the gig. - [Ru] Oh honey, don't mess with Texas. Detox, with great power comes great responsibility. Which queen have you chosen to get the chop? - [Detox] On one hand, you have Alaska, who has been slaying this entire competition and then you have Alyssa who has also been slaying and then you have my best friend, who I feel like there have been several times when she didn't necessarily deserve to be in the bottom and tonight especially was one of them. Unfortunately, I do have to make a decision. I chose Alyssa, I'm sorry, I can't send him home. I'm so sorry, but I just couldn't send Roxy home tonight because she's been so amazing and I just couldn't do it. I'm so sorry. - Don't be sorry. I love you so much and I just hate this. - [Ru] As it is written, so it shall be done. Alyssa Edwards, you are an all star. Now, sashay away. - Thank you. Thank you guys, good luck you all. Well now was as lovely, fourth runner up. (laughter) I'm not angry, I'm not upset. Today was so magical. I had the opportunity working with my sister and I did everything that I wanted to do. I can't leave this competition with nothing other than a sense of joy, so I'm very proud. Aw. Don't cry. Why are you upset? - Because you're always a winner to me. - That's all that matters. - And they did what anybody else would have done, they eliminated their biggest competition. - Oh, was I the biggest one? Give me a high five. That's my sister right there. (laughter) I'm leaving this a better Alyssa than I came in, that's the win. I am Alyssa Edwards, always and forever. (upbeat music) - Oh girl. - NY in the house. - My name is Bob The Drag Queen and I'm 29 years old. My drag is funny, it's irreverent, what you see is what you get. My bodysuit says it all. You're welcome. (screaming) - Yes, take it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. - I'm hilarious, beautiful, talented and humble. How are you? No just one more. (screaming) Take it. (laughing) - That was too real. - New York, New York and New York, yeah girl. - Oh. - Maybe some of the other Queens are like resentful that there's so much New York City representation. There's a reason New York City has some of the best drag queens in the world, and that is a fact. This is a gag. - The children don't even know. - [RuPaul] Next, Bob The Drag Queen. - Hey stop, stop - You got two more left. - I'll just look shocked. And how about we do like that black and white photo where no one - Nice. - [RuPaul] Thank you. Bob The Drag Queen gone with the window. - [Judge] Yes honey lead with the bag, I love it. - [Bob The Drag Queen] This outfit shows I have the ability to make a finished garment. The fabric is hideous, but the construction is everything. - [RuPaul] No shade, but that dress looks like it was made out of curtains. - [Ross] Frankly my dear, I don't give a dental damn. - Team Naomi, my co-director Faith Evans is here. - Hi ladies. - Now she has lived this life. So if you have any questions for her in terms of character or inspiration. - What's the best hand to slap a hoe with? Like the left or the right? - Well I'm left handed. - [RuPaul] All right so places people, places. - Action. - Now where the hell is Rocious? Rocious. - Rocious probably smelled you and went running. - Well then why did I waste my time putting on this? (laughing) Why you all gagging? I bring it to you every episode. - Cut. - You say this is an overacting challenge. I'm like, you ain't gotta tell me twice. - [RuPaul] Bob The Drag Queen. Not to be confused with Bob the high school counselor. - I didn't have enough time to finish the transformers outfit. So I do my backup plan. I'm like a Tron robot inspired character. - She's a robot oh yes girl. - Be careful. - And I'm just like trying to move on stage without breaking a limb. - [RuPaul] Nice save. She's like a robot. - Okay slow down girl. - Whoa, whoa, whoa. (upbeat music) - Girls at this damn white party, we're gonna act like a family. - Hey, Hey, Hey. Hey. Hey. I know y'all ain't starting this white ass party without me. And why it gotta be white? You know. Where's Rocious. Rocious. - Rocious probably smelled you and went running. - Oh. Well then why did I waste my time putting on this. Oh there's more, yes. Yes. Why'd I waste my time doing that bitch. - Bob The Drag Queen, condragulations you're the winner of this week's challenge. - Thank you. Oh wow. Now the other girls can see what I can do. I feel like everyone knows I'm a girl to beat. - Welcome to Snatch Game. Let's meet our supermodel contestants. Vogue cover girl, Chanel Iman. Hey. - And Sports Illustrated bombshell, Gigi Hadid. - Hi Ru. - Hi darling. - I'm so excited. - [RuPaul] Are you ready to meet our stars? - Yes. - We are. - From orange is the new black, Uzo Aduba is here. - Don't say nothing stupid, don't say nothing stupid. How you doing RuPaul? - Are you ready to play the game? - I'm excited. I don't know why you all gagging, she bring it to you every season. Snatch Game. - First question, Gigi Hadid. There's a new dating app for drag queens. When you join the first question they ask is how big is your blank? Let's go to Gigi Hadid. - How big is your wig? - I love that. - Let's go to our superstars and find out if you got any matches. - Okay. - [RuPaul] Crazy eyes. - Because you pretty, I just wrote a poem to Iman. A once a queen named Iman, remind me of the sun instead of her supermodel life, she can be my wife. - Unfortunately Chanel that is not a match. Next question. Let's go to Gigi Hadid. Lady Butney has an unusual way of celebrating gay pride. Instead of the rainbow flag, she hangs her blank out the window. - Her tucking panties. - Well look who's here. - I'm sorry that I'm late but Uzo Abooboo left the stage and she asked me if I would fill in. - Ladies and gentlemen Carol Channing. - Oh thank you. (laughing) - All right Chanel Iman, Sally the supermodel is so lactose intolerant, when the photographer says cheese, she blanks. - Sneezes. - She sneezes. - I've worked with Sally for so long. She pops a pill RuPaul. She pops a pill. - There is so much talk about drugs. I haven't taken anything but lipitor for the past 10 years. You don't really get a buzz off of that. - Now is there an anal option? - I might happen to have a flea or two in my home. - A flee in a month, now you're talking my language. - If you stay ready, you ain't got to get ready. By the way Eartha I didn't know that was you down there. - It's me darling. - From here I couldn't tell if you were Della Reese or Luther Vandross, I couldn't see, these aren't even my good glasses. But back to the matter at hand, I just wrote corn. - Yeah it's always a good answer. - You know there's no dairy and it comes out the way you put it in RuPaul. - [RuPaul] Bob The Drag Queen. - Oh. - [RuPaul] Not to be confused with Bob the camp counselor. - [Gigi] I love. - My favorite Madonna look is Madonna at the Glad Awards and she's dressed like a boy scout and it is a huge political statement. And I'm not in a kimono. - [Judge] Get a load of those girl scout cookies. - [RuPaul] And she earned a badge for walking children in nature. Welcome ladies, Bob The Drag Queen condragulations you are the winner of this week's challenge. - Thank you, thank you. Woo! I took a risk and it paid off. It is a known fact that Derrick Barry is not very smart. When she heard Britney Spears, she said, does she? I prefer fencing. It is very hard to have an intelligent conversation with Derrick Barry. The only thing harder is Robbie Turner's wig lines. (laughing) Robbie Turn, Turn. I know you're a huge fan of classic movies and television, may I recommend one of my favorite classic TV shows, 'Flipper'. (laughing) - Ladies, since you love reading so much, I want to share with you my favorite book of all time, 'The Wonderful Wizard Of Oz.' This week's maxi challenge is your chance to strut your stuff down the yellow brick road, but you won't be doing it alone. Please welcome some drag race super fans. - Oh my God. - The cast of Lifetime TV's 'Little Women LA'. - So how do you fit into your group? Because here's the thing, they're sick of me winning all the time, so they're all like, oh Bob wins everything, everyone loves Bob. - In the first season of the show there was a photoshoot that we did and the photographer were giving me all of his attention. Terra- - Which one's Terra? - The bitchy one. - The one right here? - Yeah. She was really bitter so I know how you feel. - I mean I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little nervous. I don't know if there's anyone in 'The Wizard Of Oz' more the opposite of who I am than Glenda The Good witch. And I think honestly a lot of the girls wanna see me do bad. I am nervous. - Why? - You know you guys are all (beep) gunning for me to lose. - Well of course we are, we just want you to trip and fall that's all. - Our resources are very limited. - You know in like Master Chef competition they always give each other mustard and honey. - Oh bro this aint Master Chef honey. They hate me, they're not gonna give me their stuff. These hoes are evil. - [RuPaul] Serving Glenda The Good Witch couture is Bob The Drag Queen and Rob The Faux Queen, Glenda Evangelista. - I'm really shocked that I dressed as bad as I did, but we looked good. Me and Rob The Faux Queen are like living our dreams on the runaway. - I think I wore that outfit to prom. - I think I wore that outfit to prom. - I want to try to create you as like a super villain. So I want shots of you in the video, like doing this. For today's challenge, we have to come up with a presidential campaign ad that promotes ourselves, but at the same time smears the opponent. I want to clear up on this idea that you're not smart and that I'm really smart. - I'm down for that. I want ours to be the best. But we both wanna win and that's the kind of energy we need right now. - Why should Bob The Drag Queen be president? Because I'm louder than everyone else. - Shh. - I'm the loudest one. - Shut up Bob. (laughing) - Alright Bob, your turn baby. - Can I get like the big couch over here. I'm going for a little bit of Michelle Obama meets Hillary Clinton. So like Blackie Onassis. - Here we go, action. - I believe in strong drag family values. Derrick Barry only had one baby for breakfast. - That was great. - So now we have to do the Derrick's stuff right. - Yeah, there's a scene in the end where she eats the baby. Oh, that's good. That's like Norman Bates (beep) - Okay good ready? Action. - Why? - Derrick is going in. - Go with it, go with it. (laughing) Great cut. - That was awesome. - I'm really shocked. Derrick has never let go like this. - Fabulous. - We did it. - Are you really doing an all white face? - Yes, someone to finally stand up for white people. - Bob you're quite a political person if you will. - I like getting into politics, it's actually fun. My slogan is actually my real life slogan. Bob The Drag Queen, a queen for the people. I live my life by this. I was in Albany in the Capital Building when marriage equality passed. In 2010, me and a couple of my friends decided to get together and do something about the inequalities we experience in the gay community, and we decided to do something called 'Drag Queen Weddings For Equality'. And we'd do these demonstrations in Times Square every single Saturday until there's marriage equality in New York state. And I got arrested at Bryant Park for blocking traffic. They (beep) threw my ass in jail in full drag girl. Like you don't have to go get arrested, but just something. Something as simple as voting. It is really important because politicians they literally make very real and very, very important decisions for you. - Like you could have done maybe something about it before it happened. - Oh you can definitely do something about it. - [RuPaul] First up here's Bob The Drag Queen. - Bob The Joker. - Uh Oh. - I've decided to do a look inspired by the movie 'Freaks'. So I look creepy, I look gorgeous. I'm serving girl. - [RuPaul] Harlequin, romance, novel. - [Judge] Oh and the sneer, I like that. - First up Bob The Drag Queen. Let's take a look at your shady political ad. - Hi, I'm Bob The Drag Queen, a queen for the people. And as a public servant, I believe in serving the people. That's why I want BJ's for every single American. That's right, better jobs for every American. Buy yourself something pretty. I believe in strong drag family values. I adopted these three needy drag babies and Derrick Barry only had one baby, for breakfast. Bob The Drag Queen has a plan, the gay agenda and it's designed by lesbians, so you know it works. Bob The Drag Queen for president. Why? Because I didn't eat a (beep) baby. This ad was paid for by uncle Steve. He got money girl. (laughing) - I love that you threw so much shade that you made your opponent look like an absolute maniac. You did an excellent job, strong shape. - You have a very small amount of time to tell your story, to get the laugh and I think it was tight and it worked. - You demonstrated gravitas. - I'm gonna throw a challenge at you. I would love to see a fully realized glamoursaurus rex. - Okay. - Bob The Drag Queen and Derrick Barry, condragulations, you are both the winners of this week's challenge. - Congrats baby. Pleasure meeting all of you. - Thank you all of you. - I'm glad that we wanted together. Working with Derrick I've learned to like and respect him. - Let the bitch fest begin. - Coming to the stage, Kim Chi. - I used to be 350 pounds. - And what did you get down to? - 349. - Oh my God congratulations girl. - But the camera adds 10 pounds, I ate like seven cameras. - Do you have a bit of a speech impediment? - Speech impediment. - Oh my God Kim this is ridiculous. Bye Kim. - Oh (beep). - Well hello there Bob. - Hey RuPaul. - Now last week the judges, Michelle specifically, called you out to see if you could do glamazon drag. - I'm gonna glamorous for my book look. So I'm taking this corset, I've already got three pieces glued down, look at me and go. Do a corset that kind of branches out, goes past the bosoms, then I'm gonna do like a gradient color. - Is that a conscious decision? - It's a consciousness. Cause if you come to one of my shows, it's like me on stage by myself for an hour and a half. And if I'm going to be in like a gown with huge earrings and a big old sculpted updo, by the time my show is done, my eyebrows become my mustache. I'm sweating. See what I mean. So I'm gonna show up in a leotard. - You're so confident. What scares you? - My mom got sick recently. She has like a chronic and really rare form of pneumonia called BOOP which sounds cute, but it's not that cute actually. I got the scariest call which is like you need to come here. I was like really freaked out. - Yeah, yeah. - My mom has been very physically fit and then she was just like skinny and frail and like her hair was falling out and she couldn't do anything, like anything. - Wow. - I mean it was really hard to see my mom like that. All of the things in my life that, that make me a good person are because my mom taught me to do it. I don't have a lot of people like my mom in my family. (beep) got me bitch. - Wow that's pretty rough. What'd you think your mom would think about you in this competition? - My mom thinks I'm the best ever. My mom is the funniest person right now. My mom was my hero. She showed me that you can do anything, more importantly come through anything. - All right. Well I wanna see gorgeous Bob The Drag Queen. - Note taken. - All right, thanks. - Here we go girl. - [RuPaul] Up next we've got Bob The Baby Drag Queen. Why that's the biggest pearl necklace I've ever seen. - [Bob The Drag Queen] When I was just a little boy I asked my mother what will I be? Am I going to be pretty? Am I going to be rich? And here's what she said to me. You'll be a drag queen bitch. - [RuPaul] She's working at Pebble Flintstone's Couture Bob The Drag Queen - [Bob The Drag Queen] Martha Caldwell. She can make a power suit from New York and Company look like Saks Fifth Avenue. She also sacrificed. When we would go and get a happy meal, she would give me her adult size fries and drink and that's what moms do. - [RuPaul] Viola Davis. "Why is your penis on a dead girl's phone?" Bob The Drag Queen. Not to be confused with Bob the librarian. - [Bob The Drag Queen] It's not about being the prettiest or wearing the best dress, it's about taking huge risks, learning from your mistakes and taking advice from people who've done it already. Look I may make waves, I may rock the boat, but dammit we're gonna make it to shore. - [Judge] Hope you like short stories. - She has a spastic semi colon. - Is that what that is? Bob The Drag Queen, Derrick Barry, I'm sorry my dears but you're both up for elimination. - I'm not mad. I'm like you're right, I get it. But I'm a little disappointed in myself. It's not a fun feeling. - Two queens stand before me. Ladies this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. Good luck and don't (beep) it up. ♪ Floor darlin' and I feel like I need some more ♪ ♪ And I feel your body close to mine ♪ ♪ And I come make me feel ♪ ♪ Mighty real ♪ ♪ Make me feel ♪ ♪ Mighty real ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ Mighty real ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ Mighty real ♪ ♪ When we get home darlin' ♪ ♪ And it's nice and dark ♪ ♪ And I know you'll love me ♪ ♪ Like you should ♪ ♪ Oh you make me feel ♪ ♪ Mighty real ♪ ♪ I feel real ♪ ♪ Real, real ♪ ♪ I feel real ♪ ♪ I feel real, real ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ Mighty real ♪ ♪ Oh you make me feel ♪ ♪ Mighty real ♪ ♪ I feel real when you touch me ♪ ♪ I feel real when you want me ♪ (cheering) Ladies I've made my decision. Bob The Drag Queen, shantay you stay. - Thank you. I just want to say, I probably had the biggest blood of the season with Derrick Barry and I ended up being her biggest cheerleader. Even if you're afraid of something she does it harder than anyone. I love her. And I guess that was the lesson that we learned today. (laughing) - You may join the other girls. - So brave. - What do each of you think you've learned about yourself throughout the competition. - I've learnt that apparently I can come off as very arrogant, but I attribute it to confidence. I have not always been this confident. I was like a little chunky kid. I was really a effeminate, really dark skin and kids can be mean to you. So once I found out what I was good at and I really embraced it, people started to like me. Find something about you that you like and focus on that. If I don't like my face, if I don't like my skin if I don't like my weight, I think to myself I have nice teeth and it may just start with one tooth. Look at that tooth, that's a nice tooth man. And then once you can accept that little thing about yourself, you can just accept you for who you are. - But first Bob The Drag Queen, not to be confused with Bob the barista, no foam. - [Bob The Drag Queen] This is it. This is the final runway. So I wanted to wear a tuxedo and do a feminine version of it. So I'm wearing this crazy sequin jacket. This is quintessential Bob The Drag Queen. - [RuPaul] Tell me about it stud. - [Bob The Drag Queen] Resit peachy, pass it on. - Ladies here at RuPaul's drag race we have the luxury of celebrating who we are but we must never forget that even today, there are little boys and girls who feel they don't fit in. So I want you to turn back time and share the wisdom you have today with the child you were then. So Bob The Drag Queen, this is you- - That is me. - At four years old. - Yeah. - What do you have to say to little Christopher? - I say hey girl. I would tell myself, you're gonna want to change for others, do not do that. I just wanted to be like my brother or like my uncles. I was so different than every other guy in my family and I just wanted to blend in and be like them. But once I realized that how important it really is to be me, then I really shone through. And I would also say, don't take out that student loan freshman year of college, just pay out of pocket like you did the rest of it because it's still haunting me to this day. - Thank you Bob. All right ladies, final question. Why should you and not your competitors be crowned America's Next Drag Superstar? Bob The Drag Queen. - I have statistically done the best in this competition and you reward the person who's done the best with the highest reward. I don't just do what I do for me, I literally do it for anyone who can come within the range of my obnoxious raspy voice. I serve the people. I serve the community and more than just doing stand-up comedy, and actually getting my hands and feet into the dirt of the community and helping it grow, because the community has helped me grow and it's made me who I am today. - Thank you. Ladies before I can decide who makes it to the top three, that's just one more thing. This is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. Good luck. And don't (beep) it up. ♪ Real is what you feel ♪ ♪ Feelings aren't real ♪ ♪ Put your money down ♪ ♪ It's your best spell to win ♪ ♪ Put your money down ♪ ♪ Put your money down ♪ - I am living my dream. I actually got into drag because of Drag Race. I'm a Drag Race baby boom. Right after season one, I started doing drag. So this is important. I came here to show America why I think I'm one of the best drag queens in the land. I need to make top three, like I have to. ♪ The realness ♪ ♪ The realness ♪ (cheering) - Oh my God. - It's the last day of school. - Welcome back to the grand finale of RuPaul's Drag Race. Now our top three queens have snatched your attention all season long and tonight I've challenged each of them to slay the stage one last time. Purse first, a New York city girl who puts the taint in entertaintment, give it up for a demure little lady we call Bob The Drag Queen. (cheering) (audience cheering) (audience cheering) - Now Bob, you excelled at so many of the challenges. Did you study the show before you came on? - No I'm just really talented. (audience laughing) Listen this is my favorite show. This is what I thought I was supposed to be doing my whole life. When I was performing in like bars in New York city, dodging beer bottles, literally, I was like this doesn't feel right, there's something bigger coming. Lo and behold, I found something bigger, her name was RuPaul and she blessed me. (cheering) - Now Bob, at one point in the season, the other queens were rooting for you to fail. What did that feel like. - It felt like I was doing it right. I mean no one's rooting for the person doing the worst. No one was like, oh you're doing bad you should get out, they're like, oh she's doing so well, get her the (beep) out of here. (audience laughing) - All right so we've got some fan questions over there. - Hallelu I'm back RuPaul. (cheering) Tucker from Florida wants to know, does your humor come from overcoming a dark place in your life? - See I have the struggles that a lot of y'all homosexuals here had- - What there wait, wait. There this? (cheering) - A few. I had the same hardships that everyone else here has and we all deal with it in different ways. If you find something to filter your pain and your anger into it'll flourish, it really will. - Thank you Shantay. Now Bob, you blew everyone away with your Snatch Game impersonations. Now did you ever hear from Uzo or Carol Channing? - Well Uzo tweeted at me and was like, but this was amazing. And I was like thank you. And I am obsessed with Carol Channing but she's just, she's 95 it's hard to get out of the house when you're 95. I'm 18 and it's hard for me to get outside. - Yeah I know, I know. Well we did hear from the one and only Carol Channing. Take a look. - Thank you Bob for your colorful impersonation of me. I'm so honored to be a part of your history. Oh, I'm proud of that. (cheering) - Oh my God. - Yes. So Bob I know your brother's over there, right? - Yeah he's the one who was just a shade darker than me. I'm 11 o'clock, he's midnight. - Justin what was it like growing up with Bob? - Bob used to cry on my birthdays because it wasn't about him. - It's true. - Now Bob I know that your mother couldn't be here because of her health. - Yes. - Darn you know it would have been a great opportunity for us to have a taped message or something but we don't have, wait a minute. Oh actually we do have a taped message. - Oh. - Let's roll that. - Bob this is your mother. I'm very proud of you. I've always believed in you even when you didn't believe in yourself. Continue to work on your craft. Always respect your fans. Reach or the stars Chris, do the best you can. Like I always tell you and your brother, keep the first thing the first thing. And I love you. (cheering) - You got me, you got me. Oh my goodness. - Now Bob, what would it mean to you to win $100,000? - Winning $100,000 isn't the thing because money comes and goes, but winning this title, that means something. You get to go forth and carry a legacy and do something and make a change in somebody's life and put first things first and do something. - Right. (cheering) - Now I've watched all 109 episodes of RuPaul's Drag Race and I have noticed you have never once walked into the room purse first. - Oh my God, look at this. Oh and it matches my outfit. It's perfect. I love it. Purse first. (cheering) Give it up for Bob The Drag Queen. As always I've consulted with the judges and the fans, but the final decision is mine to make. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race, America's next drag superstar is Bob The Drag Queen. (audience cheering) (upbeat music) My queen, is there anything you have to say? - Yes, I have too much to say, but I'm gonna keep it to one thing. Take whatever you love about yourself and walk into the world purse first. (audience cheering)(dramatic music) - Mother Monster has arrived. - Wait a second. (suspenseful music) (queens screaming) (upbeat music) - Holy (bleep) balls, it's Lady Gaga. Like, the real one. (all screaming) - [Queen] Oh my god! - Holy (bleep), I'm on "RuPaul's Drag Race" season nine, and Lady Gaga is in the same room as me. (Farrah squeals) - Hi! (queens squealing) - I'm done, oh my god. - How are you? - I can't tell you, I've been the closest to death and you've pulled me out of it, and you don't even realize what you do for people, and how much you inspire people like me, and all of us, and I just wanna tell you you're so amazing. And I never thought in the world I would ever meet you, and I think you're so incredible, I'm so sorry. I think you're so incredible. (queens clapping) - Aww. ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ Up first, Laganja Estranja. - [Michelle] That's where my hair went. - [RuPaul] Uh-huh. - [Laganja] I am serving a lizard called Laganja. Mama, y'all can't take it. - [RuPaul] Peek-a-Ru, I can see your Blackberry. (Michelle laughs) - [Michelle] Very "I dream of Genie." - [RuPaul] Oh yes. Adore Delano. - [Michelle] Cruella Delano. - [RuPaul] Yes! - [Adore] This is how I look. This is how I work my body, and I'm serving them Denzel realness. - [RuPaul] You know, there is two sides to every story. (Michelle laughs) - [Michelle] It ain't all just black and white. There is a gray area. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Blame it on Bianca Del Rio. - [Judge] Oh, that's so romantic! - [RuPaul] Poof, there it is. - [Bianca] I am serving up skunk Cinderella realness. This is my element. I like a good ballgown, and my (bleep) ain't from off the rack. - [RuPaul] It's very drag inauguration ball. - [Michelle] It is! - [RuPaul] That is quite an impressive tulle, I might add. Up next, Trinity K. Bonet. (judges oohing) They look like dominoes. - Totally. - [RuPaul] Yes honey, she will deliver in 30 minutes or your pizza is free. (judge laughs) - [Trinity] I look absolutely fabulous. I am serving you Jack of all trades, night at the casino fish. - [Michelle] She's rollin' snake eyes. - [RuPaul] Domi-no she better do! ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ BenDeLaCreme. - Oh my goodness. Look at those ti-ti-tas. - [RuPaul] Now that's an hourglass figure. - [BenDeLaCreme] I'm serving some evil queen. I'm feelin' the fantasy. - [RuPaul] I don't know what it is around her neck, but if it snows tonight, it's going on my tires. (judges laugh) Darienne Lake. - Blam! - [RuPaul] I own 51% of this company. - [Darienne] I'm serving you black and white pageant eleganza. I want your eyes to cross. - [Judge] That's a bosom. - [RuPaul] Darienne Lake, jump right in. Don't forget your motorboat. (blows raspberry) (judges laugh) Courtney Act! - Oh my goodness! - Talk about serving fish. - [RuPaul] Yeah, honey, she's serving rainbow trout. - Aww. - Klaus Nomi Malone. (RuPaul laughs) - [Judge] Wow. - [Courtney] I've got my fish on the platter. I am serving it to those judges. It's all come together, and I feel like I've got it right. - [RuPaul] The invitation said black tie only. Didn't say anything about pants, though. - [Michelle] No! (judge laughs) - [RuPaul] Joslyn Fox. Abracadabra. Ooh, presto! - [Michelle] Just a little necktie. - I am serving menswear. I'm showing some skin, but I still got that masculinity and femininity. I'm loving it. - [Judges] Bam! - [Judge] What? That ass is so perfect. - I think she's strapped for cash, and fabric. Category is Hats Incredible. ♪ Snap shot ♪ Up first, Kameron Michaels. - [Michelle] She's so spacey! (RuPaul giggles) - [Judge] She's got a spinning headache. (judges laughing) - [Kameron] My headpiece is inspired by Lady Gaga, and it's one of my favorite things that I own. I am embracing my muscle queen realness, because I like to model myself after comic book girls, and they have muscles. - [RuPaul] She's Saturn on a secret. (judges laugh) Monet X Change. Ooh! - [Michelle] This the exchange on the main stage. - [RuPaul] Yes honey, somebody say amen. - [Michelle] Yes. - [RuPaul] She's not the preacher's wife, she's the freakin' deacon. (judges laugh) - [Monet] For this hat look, I am taking the children to church. I be giving you Easter Sunday realness. The kind of lady that wears my hat, she does not take the bus to church. She gets her an Uber Executive, honey. I feel great, I feel powerful. I feel like the preacher's wife. - [Judge] That's the New New Testament. (Michelle laughs) - That's right. - [Michelle] Ooh, it looks like her basket is full! (judges laugh) - [Judge] Where can I make a donation? - [RuPaul] "You better work," said the Lord. (judges laugh) Eureka! - [Judge] What time is it, houndstooth 30? (judges laugh) - [Kumail] She looks like if Carmen San Diego was much easier to find. (judges laugh) - [Eureka] I'm serving you samurai warrior realness, honey, while still being sexy and proportionized. I know my curves are right. This booty looks tight, and this cape is fanning in the wind, honey. I am twirlin', baby. - [Michelle] She's a caped cru-slayer. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Aquaria. - [Michelle] Eh, what's up Klaus? (judges laugh) - [Kumail] Diana Copperfield. - [Michelle] Yes! - [Aquaria] There is no hat more incredible than a magician's hat, so I'm giving you full Houdini realness. Aquaria is a very gender fluid character in drag, so I'm giving you a little bit more of the boy side of Aquaria. This magician is ready for showtime, and I'm giving you every little last bit of razzle dazzle that I've got in my sleeve. - [Ross] If you're gonna be a top hat, be a power top hat. - Yes! - [RuPaul] Monique Heart. - [Michelle] I'm seeing spots. - [Kumail] That's where my wrapping paper went. (judges laugh) - [Monique] This hat and this garment is serving first lady of the RuPaul church, honey, and I'm sitting on the first row looking opulent. The top is giving you Saint-Tropez on a yacht. And the bottom? Bitch, these legs honey, and this thigh meat? Get into it. The bitch looks great. - [Ross] What a fascinator's choice. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Asia O'Hara. - Wow. - Wow! Guys, I'm a little afraid that Asia might be getting a big head. (judges laugh) - [Asia] My hat is just dramatically over the top. I decide to be a dandelion. Make a wish on me. I'm moving, and my dandelion is blowing in the wind. It's got that kind of easy, breezy beautiful drag race girl flair to it. - [Emily] I mean, it's hypnotic watching him move. - [RuPaul] It's amazing. - [Kumail] Where's my Claritin? My allergies are acting up. (judges laugh) - [Ross] We a-choose you! - [RuPaul] Miz Cracker. - [Ross] Starring in "My Hair Lady." (judges laugh) - [Miz Cracker] "My Fair Lady" is my mother's favorite movie and I identify with Eliza Doolittle. Haughty, cheeky, happy. This is my hair. I don't wear hats. This took me over 12 hours to make. - [Emily] Does the carpet match the hat? (judges laugh) - [Kumail] That's called hat hair, right? (judges laugh) - [Michelle] She's got a hat head. - [Ross] Total hat hair. - [RuPaul] I do declare, it's Blair St. Clair! - [Ross] For whom the Southern belle tolls. (judges laugh) - [Blair] My hat is inspired by the Kentucky Derby, and "Hello, Dolly" and old Broadway musicals, so when I was making the hat I really wanted it to be grand and big, but also have an elegant flair to it. - [Michelle] Does anybody have a mint julep? - [Kumail] She's getting the vapors. - Uh-huh. Shh! (judges laugh) The Vixen. Ladies and gentlemen, Hattie McDaniels. (judges laugh) - [Emily] Excuse me, could you remove your hat, please? (judges laugh) - [Vixen] My hat is a floppy, classic, black and white beach hat, but the gag is my entire dress is floppy, classic black and white beach hat. I am giving you couture, 3D avant garde with a classic twist. I made this myself, and I love it. - [RuPaul] What's black and white and ass all over? (judges laugh) - [Ross] Hat's all, folks! (Kumail laughs) - The first song I ever did in drag was "Fighter." - Me too! - That's a good one. - Me too. - Dang! - Can we, can I ask a question? So, was that about someone? 'Cause I'm reading the lyrics- - Of course it was! - Girl, you read him for the back room! (Christina laughs) Girl, when you said you tried to take a joy ride and it came down in flames, I said oh! She read him! No alimony, bitch. - He deserved it, he deserved it. - [Queen] So inspiring. - Who this Puerto Rican? 'Cause you know, I might be related. ♪ Let him take me to Puerto Rico ♪ - You know, yes I know, I know. It was heartbreaking because I found out he played for your team, not mine. (queens screaming) - So I might know him for real! Yes, girl! Oh, he gonna see this, he gonna be mad. - I hope so. Girl. - [RuPaul] Category is, Big Hair Everywhere. Valentina. - [Judge] Lily pads for light days. - [Valentina] My inspiration was Miss Diana Ross. Believe it or not, I'm only wearing four wigs at once. - [Judge] Ooh, Diana Rose. - [RuPaul] Well, I'm seeing very Donna Summer's Eve. (judges laugh) Farrah Moan. Oh, what a big tease. - [Judge] Hubba hubba. - [Farrah] My runway look pays homage to RuPaul, and Dolly Parton. I'm really feeling this look. - [RuPaul] I think she's prematurely gray. (judge laughs) Trinity Taylor. - [Judge] Barba-fella. - [Trinity] Girl, this wig is standing up by the grace of God, but my holy Jesus do I look fabulous. - [Judge] Oh that reminds me, I have to get dental floss today. (judge laughs) - [RuPaul] Sasha Velour. - [Judge] Like Sid ate Nancy. (RuPaul laughs) - [Sasha] I'm representing a side of me, and a side of Brooklyn that is a necessary palate cleanser from all these big hair pageant beauties. - [RuPaul] Never mind the bullocks. - Bollocks. - I'm talking about the department store. - Yeah, on Wilshire. - Yeah. - God I miss that. - Not Sandra? - No! Peppermint. Take that, Chaka Khan. - Mm. - [Peppermint] I am serving classic, old school disco diva with a dangerous, fiery flair. - Hot oil treatment. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Nina Bo'nina Brown Jessica Parker. Oh! - [Judge] She's really taking this catwalk thing seriously. (judges laugh) - [Nina] I like to give sex appeal, and I like to give face. Girl, I'm giving you just cat. Pussy, girl, pussy. - [Michelle] Wake me up before you calico-co. - [Judge] Ow! - [RuPaul] Shea Coulee. Yes honey, she is going back to her roots. - [Michelle] Okay! - [Shea] I say Shea is equal parts bougie and bangy. Bitch, I'm really feelin' the fantasy right now. - [Michelle] That's why she's so popular. She knows how to handle a big gulp. - [RuPaul] Alexis Michelle. - [Carson] Oh look, it's Helena Bottom Carter. - [Michelle] Yeah! - [Alexis] I am serving you some big hair don't care Ursula inspired sea hag. - [Judge] Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice. - [RuPaul] Aja, hoop there it is! - [Aja] I'm channeling a little queen of hearts, a little Alexander McQueen, a lot of queen. - I know why the caged queen does something. (judges laugh) - Doesn't she sing? - She sings! - [RuPaul] Yara Sofia serving strawberry shortcake. - [Michelle] Look at those stems! - Uh-huh. - Ooh! - [Yara] I'm bringing a Puerto Rican strawberry shortcake. - [RuPaul] Now I see her berries, but where's her twig? - [Michelle] It's hiding in the vine. - [RuPaul] Serving carrot cake, Manila! Ooh, as a blonde. - [Carson] What up, doc? - [Michelle] Where's she hiding that carrot? - [Manila] I have my Madonna Louis Vuitton rabbit ears. I got my cute little Samantha Jones belt on, and I'm just going to pump down that runway like a starving model. - [Judge] Trix are not for kids with this one. - [RuPaul] That's right. Alexis Mateo serving cheesecake. - [Judge] She's a high end cheesecake. - [Alexis] I'm going down the runway, and I'm feeling high fashion. I just wanna serve drama at this point. - [RuPaul] Designer cheesecake. - [Judge] Little bit Bed Bath & Beyond. - [RuPaul] That's there too. Princess cake from Carmen Carrera. - Of course. - Of course. - [Carmen] I'm serving something really different. A different hairstyle. I have the shape, sizing that Cassie and other celebrities are doing. - Paris Hilton. - Paris Hilton, that's right. - [Carson] Heatherette. - Yes. - Yes! - [RuPaul] Oh here's one hot piece of cake. Red velvet cake from Stacy Layne Bryant Matthews Lattisaw. - [Stacy] I have my puffiness goin' on. I have my white and my red velvet. I know I look delicious, honey. - [Judge] This would make me get off my diet. - [RuPaul] Shangela, pineapple upside down cake. - [Judge] It's like Barbra Streisand meets pineapple cake. - [Michelle] With a touch of Rapunzel. - [Shangela] I'm serving pineapple upside down keep turnin' the cake. I'm serving cake on my shoulder, and I'm definitely serving cakes in the rear. - [RuPaul] She's all pretty with a cherry on top. - [Michelle] Always gotta have the cherry. It's the first thing to go. - Yes it is. Delta Work, angel food cake! (Michelle gasps) - [Michelle] Look, it's the teen angel food cake. - [RuPaul] It is teen angel. - [Delta] I hit the stage today, and I think it's undeniable that I'm doing angel food cake. I feel confident. I know that there's no way that I can land in the bottom. - [RuPaul] Heaven must be missing an angel food cake. - [Michelle] Uh-huh, Peggy Lee stole it. - [RuPaul] That is Raja serving chocolate lava cake. - [Raja] I step out onto the runway, and I am completely aware that there's a possibility of my undergarments showing. But the rest of it is pretty awesome, and so what if a little bit is showing underneath? - [RuPaul] It's bubbling lava, honey. You need a 12 step program to deal with that lava. - [Michelle] And a glass of milk. - Ooh! ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ First up, Joslyn Fox! Yes, mama. - [Michelle] Serving slit. - [RuPaul] Girl, why it gotta be black? - [Joslyn] I am serving evening glam RuPaul. I'm feeling fabulous, fishy, and fierce. - [Heather] I like the little swivel she does with her arms. - [RuPaul] I think, Heather, she just passed gas. (judges laugh) Dip into the waters of Darienne Lake. (judges oohing) (judge meows) - The masquerade ball. - Yes, all star. - [Darienne] I'm giving RuPaul my version of her runway walk as Girtha Kitt. (Darienne purrs) - [Michelle] Eyes wide shut, legs wide open. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Laganja Estranja. - Uh-oh. - Woo! Welcome to my stratosphere. - [Judge] Femme bots have feelings too. (judges laugh) - [Laganja] I am serving season four start your engines Mama Ru, and I'm feelin' it, girl. I'm plummeting the runway, and droppin' it like it's hot. - [Judge] Such a good body. I wish her hair was fuller, that's the only thing. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Bianca Del Rio, Cover Girl. Looking good, feeling gorgeous. - [Bianca] I am serving age appropriate Ru. I'm giving Ru realness now, and I'm feelin' good. - [RuPaul] She sparkles just like a CableACE Award. (judges laugh) Adore Delano. Glamazon! Superstar! - [Adore] What I'm doing is Adore Delano inspired by RuPaul, and I'm showing my brand new cinched waist. I look (bleep) cool. - [RuPaul] She's cinched for the gods. Work that body, work that body! (judges laugh) Trinity K. Bonet, foxy lady outta sight. Get your rebel on, girl. - [Trinity] I am serving up the illusion of RuPaul, and I look absolutely amazing. - [Judge] Birds of a feather. - [Michelle] I didn't know that birds came in that color. (Michelle laughs) - [RuPaul] Work it, mama, work! Up next, BenDeLaCreme. Wait a minute, that is my dress! (judges laugh) - [BenDeLaCreme] I'm giving some contemporary RuPaul. I'm working that runway. I feel great in my dress. - [RuPaul] This is like identity theft. First she steals Michelle's identity, now she steals mine. You'll be hearing from my lawyers. (judges laugh) Thunder from down under, Courtney Act. Oh my goodness! - [Judge] I mean the legs are the best legs I've ever seen in my life. - Oh wait, hold up now. Wait a minute. - Besides you, besides you. - [Courtney] I am possessed by the spirit of RuPaul, and I can hear Ru's voice in my head saying supermodel of the world. - [RuPaul] I wore this outfit to the VH1 Fashion Awards. - [Michelle] Yes you did. - [RuPaul] Bob Mackie. Milk! - Oh! (upbeat music) - [Milk] Hello, hello, hello! It's Werkroom Ru. No one has ever seen this on the runway. I am working my ascot off. - [RuPaul] Is that a Klein Epstein & Parker suit? Lady looks like a dude. ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ (upbeat music) ♪ Cover girl ♪ ♪ Put the bass in your walk ♪ ♪ Head to toe ♪ ♪ Let your whole body talk ♪ ♪ And what ♪ Welcome to the main stage of "RuPaul's Drag Race!" Merle Ginsberg, O-M-G! - Ru, my world's been empty without you. - Did my restraining order expire? (judges laugh) And Michelle Visage. Watch your back, honey. (Michelle laughs) No seriously, watch your back. Super judge Ross Matthews. What was it like directing my girls? - Oh I was so good at directing I kinda gave myself a Woody Allen. (RuPaul laughs) - And my everything, Ariana Grande. - This is the best day of my life. I'm not lying. - So glad you're here. - Thank you. - This week, we challenged our queens to ru-enact the mystery of Merle Ginsberg. Tonight, they're ready to murder the runway in their "Death Becomes Her" ensembles. Gentlemen, start your engines and may the best woman win! ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ Katya. - [Michelle] Something seems really fishy here. - [Katya] I think we're gonna need a bigger boat. I'm summoning up my best Tara Reade in "Sharknado." I've got the stringy blonde hair, and I'm feeling the Shark Week fantasy. - [Merle] They both have fabulous mouths, don't you think? - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Michelle] And they both unhinge at the jaw. - [RuPaul] Ginger Minj. Looks like she suffered a grisly death. - [Ginger] I am serving you baby bear realness, honey. I give a little spin, I strike a little pose, I give a little growl. - [Michelle] Somebody's got their claws done. - [RuPaul] She's bringing bear back. - [Ross] You go, growl. - [RuPaul] LaGuardia, Newark, Kennedy Davenport. Kennedy fried chicken! - [Michelle] Is she a chicken or a horse? - [Merle] Giddy up, girl. - [Kennedy] After a night of hooking, I got attacked, and thrown in the fire, and crystallized. So I come out a fierce glamazon drag queen, honey. - [RuPaul] A morality tale. Do not go to Tijuana for your plastic surgery. - [Michelle] No. - [RuPaul] Max. (Ariana gasps) - Oh. - [Ariana] Pretty. - [Michelle] The ghost of drag present. - [Max] I'm doing a jilted lover. She's stuck in purgatory as a ghost because she committed suicide by cutting out her own heart and it's very tragic. - [RuPaul] You know, a little club soda will take that right out. - [Ross] Now that's a heart-stopping look. - [RuPaul] Organ donor realness. Kandy Ho. Queen of the damned. - [Michelle] I vant to smell your veave. - [Kandy] I am feeling fierce right now. Just a sexy vampire. - [RuPaul] I think she was fang banged to death. - [Michelle] If she's lucky. - [Merle] Kristen Stewart is eating her heart out. - [RuPaul] Miss Fame. I wonder what's running through her head right now. - [Ariana] Living. - [Miss Fame] I've been captured by the bride of the man that I've been having an affair with, and bitch got me with a blade through the skull. - [Ross] She's got a splitting headache. - [RuPaul] The last time I'll eat at Benihana. Jaidynn Diore Fierce. - [Michelle] Orange is the new drag. - [Merle] I think she's looking really ripped. - [Jaidynn] What had happened was I got put in jail, and then I tried to escape to go see my baby daddy. And I didn't quite make it over that fence. - [Ross] It is criminal to look that good. - [Michelle] Uh-huh. - [RuPaul] She rises from the dead once a month to meet her parole officer. Violet Chachki. (RuPaul gasps) - Oh my god! ♪ Oh oh oh oh oh ♪ - [Violet] I'm numb from the waist down, tuck included. I really could die, bitch. I'm giving you realness. - [Michelle] She's got a smaller waist than Barbie. - [Ross] Don't sneeze, honey. It's all gonna pop. - [Ariana] Amazing, work! ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ ♪ The realness ♪ Naysha Lopez. - [Judge] Oh my gosh, you're giving us Tamar Braxton! And Adrienne Bailon. - Uh-huh. - I'm giving you "Xanadu" realness, boo. Next think you know? (judges groan) I fall. Oh my god, if they show me falling as my runway I'm gonna be furious. - [Judge] That booty is cute, boo! - [RuPaul] Booty wonderland. - [Judge] Bootylicious! - [RuPaul] Thorgy Thor. - [Judge] She's giving very "Three's Company." - [Judge] Come and knock on her door. - [Thorgy] I'm super comfortable on these roller skates. This is one of the first looks I ever did. Like, this is classic Thorgy. - [RuPaul] Hey good lookin'! Be back to pick you up later. - [Michelle] Call me on the party line. Is this a three-way? - [RuPaul] Derrick Barry, very Skaty Perry. (Michelle laughs) - [Derrick] I love my outfit. I feel like I'm giving them pop Princess Peach. It's different from anything that I've worn before. - Oh. - Ooh! - [RuPaul] That's a bubble butt if I ever seen one. (judge laughs) Kim Chi. - [Michelle] Toucan. - [RuPaul] Look at the size of that cockatoo. - [Kim] The entire ensemble is inspired by John Galliano. It's a contrast between nude and all the colors that are in a parrot. - [RuPaul] Yes honey, you better sissy that macaw. Acid Betty. "Beyond Thunderdome." - [Betty] Punk unicorn realness. I am a bitch on wheels times 10. I'm reliving my childhood in the '80s, honey. Don't turn your back on me. - [Michelle] Mad Maxi pad. - [RuPaul] Naomi Smalls. - [Judge] Classic beauty. - She is like a flamingo. - Yes! - [Naomi] I'm wearing a pretty in pink bedroom scene. My outfit is so not roller girl, but I'm pulling it off. - Michelle, what's the hardest part of rollerskating? Telling your mother that you're gay. (judges laugh) See ya later, rollerskater. Bob the Drag Queen. Not to be confused with Bob the high school counselor. - [Bob] I didn't have enough time to finish this Transformer outfit, so I did my backup plan. I'm like a "Tron" robot-inspired character. - [RuPaul] She's a broke, oh yes girl. - Uh-oh, be careful. - [Bob] And I'm just like trying to move on stage without breaking a limb. - [RuPaul] Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Nice save! She's like a Roomba. - Don't go too fast. - Okay, slow down girl. Slow down, whoa whoa. (judges yelping) - Oh work it! - Nice save! Cynthia Lee Fontaine. - [Judge] She's a little bit country. - [RuPaul] It's Barbara Mandrell on wheels! - [Cynthia] I love my runway look. It's like Farrah Fawcett meets with Olivia Newton-John in Texas. I feel like the goddesses of rollerblades. - [Judge] If she falls, there will be a hoe down. - There will be. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Chi Chi DeVayne from Louisiana. Yeah, this is how they roll in Shreveport. - [Michelle] That's it, right. She got tricks. - [Chi Chi]] I'm a disco queen, honey. Funky type roller girls. This is me. - [RuPaul] She's got that hair snatched back in an afro puff, yeah. - [Carson] Ooh, a little backwards skating. - [RuPaul] Yeah, back rolls. (Michelle laughs) Up next, Robbie Turnter. Oh lord! - [Robbie] I am roller girl realness personified. It's got my initials on my ass, and a little star booty, and I'm wearing my Aunt Diana's hair. I scalped her in like 1975. - [RuPaul] It's like a rhinestone roller girl. - [Carson] Yes! ♪ The realness ♪ ♪ Commence shakedown ♪ First up, Lineysha Sparks. Gorgeous, look at those legs. - [Lineysha] I'm looking Latina. I feel Caribena. Totally flawless. - [Judge] I wore that at the beach last week. - [RuPaul] I'll meet you at the cabana. - [Judge] Yeah. - [RuPaul] Honey Mahogany. Caftan realness. - [Honey] I'm feeling pretty fierce. This look is gonna slay the judges. - [RuPaul] Now Julia, is she wearing a Cape Fear? - Ah, hello! - [RuPaul] Ivy Winters. Wow! - Oh! - [RuPaul] Now that's what I call stilettos. - [Ivy] Being a circus queen, I decided to pull out my stilts and I did a butterfly goddess look. - [RuPaul] Does anybody have a really big butterfly net? (Michelle laughs) Muah. Vivienne Pinay. - [Michelle] She's got her own stilts, check 'em out. - [RuPaul] Yes. Sissy that walk, honey. - [Vivienne] I'm wearing a sick gold dress. Low cut, very short. Looks (bleep) fierce. - [Michelle] Lil Grecian goddess. - [RuPaul] Oh mighty Isisisisis. (judge laughs) Alyssa Edwards! (person barking) I think she's choking her dog! - [Alyssa] I have my clutch in my left hand, and my baby chinchilla in my right, and I'm serving Rodeo Drive fishness. - [Judge] She walks like a dressage horse. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Serena ChaCha, representing Panama! - [Judge] That's it. - [RuPaul] You can't even fit that through the Panama Canal. - [Serena] Walking around in this carnaval costume from the Republic of Panama. It's a dream come true. - [RuPaul] Pants off dance off. - [Michelle] Yeah (laughs). - [RuPaul] Jade Jolie. It's the missing Ringling sister. - [Michelle] Screw the rainbows, give me leather. - [Jade] I am serving up real lion taming realness. Bitch, send in the clowns. - [RuPaul] Our little Jade is all grown up? Roxxxy Andrews. If Cher had breastfed, this is what she'd look like. - [Roxxxy] I like to have the fringe going down my boobicles and on my booty, and wanna try and win two times in a row. - [RuPaul] Tinta Turnter! - [Michelle] Tinta Turnter! - [Judge] Tina to taste. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Jinkx Monsoon, Hollywood glamor. - [Michelle] Meets space. - [Jinkx] I am serving up Hollywood 3012. Space agey and beautiful. - [RuPaul] Very "3rd Rock from the Sun." - [Judge] Yes! - [RuPaul] Monica Beverly Hillz! - [Judge] Oh yeah. - [Michelle] Can you pay my telephone bills? (RuPaul laughs) - [Monica] My moneymaker is my face. I know for a fact that I'm beautiful. - [Michelle] That is a nice ass. - [RuPaul] And it's not padded. Natural born thriller. Alaska! The 49th state. - [Alaska] I'm trying to give sass, and flirt, and be cute, and sell this garment, sweetie. - [RuPaul] Party girl on her way home. - [Michelle] Oops, I left my phone inside. - [RuPaul] Coco Montrese! - [Michelle] This is Patti LaBelle meets Ziggy Stardust. - Yes. - Yes. - [Coco] I love fetish, so I thought I'd give Santino a little bit something to dream about tonight while he's at home. - [Santino] You better ass somebody. - [RuPaul] Damn girl. Detox! - Oh! - [RuPaul] Snow White and the hunty men. - [Detox] Tonight I am wearing an over the top gown. I'm feeling really sickening. - [RuPaul] How many black cocks had to die for that outfit? (Michelle laughs) ♪ Welcome to the jungle ♪ (upbeat music) Chad Michaels, ahoy! - [Judge] Glamorous. - [RuPaul] She's showboating. - [Chad] My outfit is fashion forward showgirl. Always beautiful, always painted, nearly naked. - [Michelle] Star booty. - [RuPaul] She's serving the deadliest catch. - [Michelle] Snapper. - [RuPaul] Dida Ritz in red. Oh, I love a harem pant! - [Dida] I'm serving float couture-ness. I'm not lettin' this boat get in my way. I always leave my mark. Honey, I pee on the runway, trust. - [RuPaul] Red sky at night, sailor's delight. Nice ass. Up next, Jiggly Caliente in my favorite color, orange. - [Michelle] Tangerine dream. - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Jiggly] I look good. My wrap it flowing, my hair's flowing, my makeup is right, my lips look right, I look sickening, bitch. - [RuPaul] Mm, that one reminds me of Orange Julius. Or it'd be Orange Jigglius! Milan. - [Michelle] Hello, sunshine. - [Milan] I'm feeling proud of what I created. My float is the Milan Invasion. It's inspired by Fire Island. - [Judge] Boatload of wigs. - [Judge] It's nice to have extra wigs, though. - [RuPaul] It is, 'cause if you end up on Gilligan's Island and you wanna do shows, well? - Hello. - Yeah. Latrice Royale in turquoise. - [Judge] A goddess of the sea. - [RuPaul] Wow, look at all that water. - [Latrice] I just want it all to hang out today. I have this hair that I baked and sculpted and hand-painted. - [Judge] I love those lips! - [Michelle] She fell face first at Claire's. (RuPaul laughs) - [Judge] Now that is a Poseidon adventure. - [RuPaul] First up, Monique Heart. From Maxine Waters to salty water. (judges laugh) - [Monique] Not to be coy, mother darling, but I am serving fishy fish realness, honey. You know, getting rolled around by the Pit Crew's not a bad gig. I could get used to this, but Jesus I don't want nothing to happen to my legs, though. I need to walk. - [RuPaul] Yes honey, work that omega three. (Michelle laughs) - She got a fatty acid. (judges laugh) ♪ I want you to, I want you to ♪ Miz Cracker. - [Carson] Call her saltine now. (judges laugh) - [Miz Cracker] I'm serving Barbie fresh out of the box. Happy to be there, confused about why. I'm giving you a little crown, and beautiful plastic titties. - [Judge] What do you call them? - Tits. (judges laugh) - Those thingamabobs? - Yes, I got 20! (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Aquaria. - [Carson] This look brought to you by the Exxon Valdez. - [RuPaul] Black gold! Texas tea! - [Aquaria] I'm giving you head to toe custom dripping in water and oil slick, everything. I have blue tears coming directly out of my eyes. I can't see anything except for cyan. I'm giving the most lethargic mermaid, but in the most editorial way. - [Michelle] She's finished. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Asia O'Hara. - [Michelle] Ooh, from the Chernobyl reef. - [Carson] Yes, never go swimming in Love Canal. (judges laugh) - [Asia] I don't believe mermaids in real life are pretty. They're half women, half fish. So my mermaid look is inspired by lionfish meets mermaid meets a sea cucumber. - [Judge] Having fish and tits for dinner. - [RuPaul] Oh yes. I think Jason's making the tartar sauce now. (judges laugh) Here's The Vixen. - [Carson] Well it's obvious she has clam-idia. (judges laugh) - [Vixen] My mermaid look is heavy metal and reflective. I am spray-painted, I am sequined, I am every girly thing that I would usually avoid, but I just wanted to feel full fantasy. - [Carson] She's looking for her friend, Annette. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Monet X Change. - [Judge] Battlestar Gill-actic. (Michelle laughs) - [RuPaul] Tuna Turner. (judges laugh) - [Monet] I'm giving you beat up, tattered warrior mermaid 'cause I'm here to fight these bitches to the top. Monet is a strong, powerful, warrior mermaid fish. - [RuPaul] You wanna talk about the deadliest snatch? - [Carson] Stop polluting our oceans! (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Eureka, I think we're gonna need a bigger boat. (judges laugh) - [Eureka] I'm giving you the biggest, baddest, most evil mermaid of them all. I think everyone expects me to be this colorful, rainbow Disney princess mermaid? No bitch, I am Ursula's cousin twice-removed droolin' blood where I just ate my food. - [RuPaul] Don't forget to floss. - Yeah. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Kameron Michaels. - [Michelle] Ooh, it's one of the reef housewives. (judges laugh) - [Kameron] My mermaid is a little vain. She's interested in herself, and nobody else. I'm way too grand to look for Nemo, because I'm only worried about myself. She looks fishy, and she knows it. - [Carson] Touch this fin. - Uh-huh. - Touch all this fin. (judges laugh) (dramatic music)- What is in? - Hello. - My name's Jujubee I'm 25 from Boston, Massachusetts. - I'm Nicole. - I'm Juju. - Juju, I love that name. - [Tyra] Bitch no you are Kimora Lee Simmons. - Jujubee's just this fabulous Asian girl. She's very like poppy and like fashion forward. She loves accessories and she likes glitter because it's wicked sparkly. You guys still have all your father's yeah? - My father has cancer right now so. - Oh, mine passed away of cancer. He had lung cancer. - You know I don't really know when you don't know how long, yeah. - My father was always just really upset about it cause he knew he was going to die and he didn't know how we were going to take care of ourselves. - So sad. - Yeah. I mean it is, but just this Pandora, just tell him you love him, that's all. I don't want to talk about this anymore. - I don't either. I kind of put makeup on and I don't want it to smudge. - Yeah. Okay. - [RuPaul] Jujubee, is this a hostile take over? - [Jujubee] I felt like Eartha Kitt. I'm serving fish, honey. And this ain't trout. - [Judge] Jujubee fabulous. - Hey Jujubee. - Hi mama. - Are you preparing for your snatch game? - Yes I am. - Who are you impersonating? - Kimora Lee. - You're doing Kimora Lee? What is she like? - She's a business woman. She's a supermodel. She's a mommy. So she's kind of like a chameleon. - Where do you get your sense of humor from? - My father passing away. You never know when somebody is going to leave you so you treat every day like it's your last day and you just give the best that you can give. - [RuPaul] And that's why the sense of humor? - Yeah of course. Why not? - All right you get back to work. I can't wait to see your Kimora Lee. - I can't wait either. - Kimora Lee Simmons. Now I know that you're not Simmons anymore. - We don't want to talk about that. - [RuPaul] You don't want to talk about that? - It's personal. - Slutty Sally is so slutty. Last time I took a ride on her disco stick I got blank. - I'm going to cast a wide net here and say the last time I took a ride on her disco stick, I got an STD. - [RuPaul] Let's go to Kimora Lee and see what she said. - Scabies. - Scabies is not sexually transmitted is it? - It can be, I've had it. - Jujubee let's talk about her performance as Kimora. - As a comedian, that makeup on her neck, - [Lisa] That was a good detail. - You know the performance kind of just went okay but that attention to detail. - Yes and it's those little things that make a character come to life. - It's so true. - [RuPaul] Is this our Jujubee? - [Martha] The gown fits very nicely. - [Jujubee] I want them to see the full package so I'm going to go slowly and I'm going to be very elegant and I want you to see every single angle. - [Martha] Look at the back, oh that's beautiful. - [RuPaul] Now instead of a pearl necklace she went for the pearl down the back. - [Judge] Oh yes. - Hello my blushing brides. It's time to unveil your wedding portraits. Jujubee. Oh, what a cute couple. - [Judge] I hope you didn't sign that prenup. - Honey he's rich. - [RuPaul] In the picture she's not really into the groom but I think somehow it works. - Even though there's a man in that picture, it's still sort of all about her. - She's a man eater. - [RuPaul] Thank you Jujubee. - Thank you. - The library is open. All right Jujubee. - I'm not nervous. I'll read a bitch. - I will read ya to filth. Miss honey you think you're so soft? Not by the hairs of your chinny chin chin. - Oh. - And let me tell you something (foreign language) you won't understand this anyways. (speaking in foreign language) Get my gist? Do you understand? Pandora. Can we talk about sun tanning. And you, legendary you think you are, legendary looks like leg and dairy. - Oh. - This challenge is so different from all the other challenges because it's about us letting people know who we are. - It's such a pleasure to meet you. I've read all your books. What's the title you have there? - Memoirs of a Gay-sha. Jujubee's Journey And I'm Still Here. - Jujubee's Journey And I'm Still Here. - My target audience from my book is gay Asians. When you're a gay Asian male, they don't see you as that. They see you as a woman who was born into the wrong body. That's definitely not me. It basically starts out with my childhood, the discovery of my homosexuality. - Wait a minute, hold up. - I know right? - Your homosexuality? - I know girl. And then I touch on, you know like the loss of my father and then my move across America. - How do you say fierce in Laotian? - I would just say Juju. - Juju. - Juju-ah - [Photographer] Hello. - Hi. - What's the idea for the book cover? - I just wanna look good. - Whatever you want. - Let's try to work this (beep) up. Come on. That's manish isn't it? - You look a little wide. - Oh. Oh my God, there's nobody here? And he could see me, but I can't see him. - Why should you win RuPaul's drag race? - I have the full package. I have personality. I have sense of style and I have great big white teeth. - Why are you better than the other girls? - I just got finished writing a memoir and I call it Memoirs Of A Gay-Sha. - Where do you hide your candy? - There's a lot of candy going on down here, it's not true with this about Asians honey. - Jujubee let's take a look at your book cover. - Memoirs Of A Gay-sha, Jujube's Journey I'm Still Here. I just want to show people that you can go through things. Take that negative energy, turn it around and use it to live. It's a lesson. - Love the title. - It reminds us of a great book already. So that was very clever thinking. - There's a lot of candy going on down here, it's not true what they say about Asians honey. - By the way I know a number of big Hollywood moguls who would like to take you out if you're ever available. - It looks older than I wanna look. No. Let's see if we could get an attractive shaped one of these? It would make my face look a little thinner. - [Jujubee] I think bigger hair would make your face a little thinner though. - But didn't you see those though on me? It was just like. - No but you have to...just trust me. I've been doing drag too long to know that a flat wig is going to help out a big face. - Because what I was thinking, if we could-- - [Jujubee] Were you not listening to me mom. - No. - Just shhh. - How's it going out with your new mommy? - It's Contessa Touche. - Contessa Touche. Wow. I love that. What do you have planned for your drag mother's outfit? - She wants to just look really elegant and she doesn't want to look too old. - Or too fat. - Really the only challenging thing with Contessa at the moment is her confidence level. - All right, carry on. - All right mama. Uh ah, look more attitude. To the hip. The time has come for us to do the runway and rehearse honey, we only have 20 minutes. Hold your head up high miss honey, and then right up here we're going to stop, flirt, kind of rub yourself a little bit like this. Right. Pretend you're Celine Dion. Do you feel sexy? Confidence. Without confidence we're Tatiana. - Who is Oscar Wilde? - Who is Oscar Wilde? Who his Oscar Wilde? - Oh my gosh are you serious? - Who is Oscar Wilde. - That's no homosexual over there. - We are here to educate the young. - I'm sure he knows Harvey Milk with all the-- - Yes. Can y'all stop talking to her cause she needs to close her eyes. - Okay. - Well he can close his eyes and talk at the same time. - Well obviously she can't because she's opening her eyes. I was just like Mom, get your (beep) together. - Two queens stand before me. Ladies this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. Good luck. And don't (beep) it up. ♪ Shake your love ♪ ♪ I just can't shake your love ♪ ♪ Shake your love ♪ ♪ I just can't shake your love ♪ ♪ Shake your love ♪ ♪ I just can't shake ♪ ♪ Shake your love ♪ ♪ I just can't shake your love ♪ - It's hard to try to beat your friend. It's a weird position to be in. ♪ Shake it ♪ ♪ Your love ♪ (laughing) ♪ Shake it ♪ ♪ Shake your love ♪ ♪ I just can't shake ♪ ♪ I said shake it ♪ ♪ Shake your love ♪ ♪ I Just can't shake your love ♪ ♪ Shake your love ♪ ♪ I just can't. ♪ (clapping) - Bravo, bravo. - Okay. I've made my decision. Jujubee. Chante you stay. - Hi. - Darling welcome. Have a seat. How many of these delicious mints-- - Just two. - The two. I'm on a diet so I'll just have one. You were in the bottom two, three times. - Three times. - How did that happen? - Well, I've been in the bottom two, three times here and I've been on the bottom two a lot of times beforehand. - Tell me about that. - Just growing up you know, having people just make fun of you. I used to answer to faggot. - Really? - I just accepted it because I knew it wouldn't stop. And then finally I just said, you know don't call me that. - Wow. You know you got a lot of strength for such a young lady. What do you think your dad would think of you in this? - He would give me the biggest hug and he would say, go for it. You know, now it's Jujubee's journey. Talking to Ru today. She brought up situations that I never talk about and it was just so comforting to have her just listen. - Thank you darling. - Thank you so much mama. - All right I'll see you later on. - Hello darling, you gorgeous little shoulder padded monster. - I feel 100% confident about this. I was a theater major, honey. I know what to do. - And action. - RuPaul. - I can't see you before a show it's against the rules. - I'm tired of these rules. I'm tired of the challenges. I'm tired of this show. What about me? What about Jujubee? - Oh my gosh. - Jujubee came fully loaded and surprised by throwing herself on the floor. - You're jealous of my book. - Cut. Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut. Would you do it once more for me? - What about me? What about Jujubee? - Snap out of it? (slapping) - I'm Jujubee I love long walks on the beach, big (beep) and fried chicken. I'll read a bitch. Legendary looks like leg and dairy. - Oh. - Get my just? - Hi. - Jujubee's here and she's looking hot in some ready hair. - I (beep) miss you bitch. I feel a little underdressed. I look like I work at the mall. - You do girl. - Oh bitch. - Good. Limited time, what do you got? - Don't lose your neck. Bitch. Janet Jackson. - All right one more. You're done, thank you. - Jujubee and Raven, hit it. - All right. Juju and I were going to do dressed and undressed. - [RuPaul] Okay. All right. - Why the (beep) did I nominate myself to be naked? - I can see your penis. - [RuPaul] Give us that fashion darling. High fashion ladies. - I'm struggling. It's slippery. This (beep) is hard girl. This is the second time I've lost my lashes. - We have more than our work cut out for us for this challenge. We have to come up with a lot of jokes and then perform them while doing celebrity impersonations. The pressure is on. I'm going to do B Arthur. Do you know who you're going to do? - I think it'd be a really funny Nicki Minaj. You doubt it. - I kind of do. - Well who would you see? - You need to do one of your voices. - I can do a Fran Drescher. She's funny. - She's funny, but are you going to be funny doing her? You come up with this one. - I'm trying to, I can't do it. Girl I'm a funny bitch but I don't write no jokes. - What is a joke we could say about Alexis or Yara? - You know what we can do? Well Lexis looks like the predator and Yara looks like she's wearing poodles on her head. - (beep) - Writing jokes is not easy. - No. - At all. Okay. Now I'm worried. - Raven, Jujubee. - Hi mama. - Who are you going to be? - B Arthur. - Now why'd you pick B Arthur? - I think she is brilliant. - And she could land a punchline. - Yeah. - Even just with a look. - Yeah. - What about you Juju? - I decided on Fran Drescher. - Let me hear you do Fran Drescher. (giggling) - Very good. Now are you afraid that you won't be able to translate your natural humor into this challenge? - A little. But we've been coming up with some stuff that we find very funny. - Would you try one on me? - Hey B what's the difference between Pandora box and a clown? - Clowns wear more makeup and they're more entertaining. - Oh, are you done? - Oh, did Ru just clock us? - Well, you know it's early. He wasn't in character voice. Listen, I'm going to let you get to work 'cause you got your work cut out for you. - Yes. - All right get to work. - Yes. Bye. - What do you get when you cross Raven and Latrice Royale? - Brown chicken, brown cow. (giggling) - I heard Manila's a supermodel now. - Well she must model for the left because she isn't right. Cream my face. - [RuPaul] Rujubee. - [Judge] Stepford wives. - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Judge] Eat that Nicole Kidman. - [Raven] We are serving sixties mod realness hunty. - [Jujubee] I got my that girl wig on we look sixties savviness. - [Judge] Ooh, look at the booty. These ladies are having a Tupperware party and your invited. - [RuPaul] Rujubee. - Jujubee. You don't really look anything like Fran Drescher. - I don't? - But you really nailed the laugh and you really nailed the humor. - I think your look tonight is really great. You do look like you're going to chase the Beatles down the street. - I was at that Beatles concert in 1965 and I think that's what I was wearing. - [Jujubee] This challenge isn't about points baby, it's about personality. Oh girl I got this. - All right bitch let's go. I want you to persuade people to loan you $5. - Can I borrow $5? - [Raven] Oh, not him. - Can I borrow $5. - Well it depends, what do I get for it? - I'll give you a kiss on the cheek. - Okay. - Ooh. - We have seven minutes. - Let me see I don't have five bucks. - He doesn't have $5. - Tell him he can put a foam hand on his hand and slap you in the face with it. - Will you put this on. - All right. - Now smack me with it. Smack me with it. - Oh thank you. - Oh okay. - [Raven] We have four minutes get someone to moonwalk with you. - Will you Moonwalk with me? - Moonwalk? - Yeah. - Okay oh, Oh, Oh, Oh. - Three minutes left. - Okay tell him to hit it. - Girl. Really. - The next guy that walks by, I want you to try and get him to spray whipped cream down his pants. Grabbed him. - Do you mind if I sprayed whipped cream down your pants? - We have one minute and 30 seconds. - Can I spray whipped cream down your pants? - Sure. - Just Come here, baby. - Oh my gosh. - What? - Okay go bitch, down it. Down. There you go. - Can I have a dollar? - I actually don't have a dollar - 15 seconds. Do the wave chain. - Will you hold my hand and go like this with me? - Ah bitch done, time's up. - Oh times up. You know, I feel like Raven and I did fantastically and the whip cream, girl. - [RuPaul] First up Rujubee. - Ooh. - [Judge] Little Ravens are crowing. - [Judge 2] Dominatrix. - [Jujubee] I am giving you lace and leather. Who would mess with this nasty bitch? - Raven and Jujubee. I'm sorry, my dears but you are up for elimination. - Raven is my dear friend and I do not want to lip sync against him. But at the same time, I don't want to go home. - Two Queens stand before me. Ladies this is your last chance to impress me to save yourselves from elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. - I didn't know I would have to lip sync against you Ju, but I'm going to fight for my spot to stay in this competition. - Good luck and don't (beep) up. ♪ Somebody said you got a new friend ♪ ♪ Does she love you better than I can? ♪ ♪ I'm in the corner ♪ ♪ Watching you kiss her ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ ♪ I'm right over here ♪ ♪ Why can't you see me? ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ ♪ I'm giving it my all ♪ ♪ But I'm not the guy you're taking home ♪ ♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪ ♪ I keep dancing on my own ♪ ♪ I keep dancing on my own ♪ ♪ I'm just gonna dance all night ♪ ♪ Stilettos on broken bottles ♪ ♪ I'm spinning around in circles ♪ ♪ I'm in the corner ♪ ♪ Watching you kiss her ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ ♪ I'm giving it my all ♪ ♪ But I'm not the guy you're taking home ♪ ♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪ ♪ I keep dancing on my own ♪ ♪ I keep dancing on my own ♪ (sobbing) - I can't breathe. - Raven would you help her? Thank you, Raven. - I didn't want to do that. What the (beep) - [Raven] Can you stand? - I can do it, I'm sorry. - [RuPaul] All right we're going to continue. - You look so pretty. You looks so pretty. - [Raven] So do you. - See I don't think it. Okay, okay, I got it. - Ladies I've made my decision. You leave me no choice. Raven, Jujubee chante you both stay. - Yes, yes. - Thank you so much. - I say (beep) we have a top four. - I want fried chicken now. Shannel and Chad will you please step forward? - I love you guys so much. - My top four all stars, for next week's final challenge, no more teams. It's every queen for herself. - Hi Cheri. - Hi Juju. - It's time for my lesson with Cheri Oteri and I can't believe that I'm in the same room as this legendary comedian. - Let's see it. - Okay. So my parents immigrated from Laos to America in 1976, they swam here. I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding. - If you're going to make a joke, commit to it. - Okay. Let me start by telling you about my government name. It's Airline. - Well wait, is that really your name? Airline? - It is. - What were they thinking? - Baby I think that was the only word they saw when they came to America. - Okay that is funny, I think you should say that. I love when people talk about their family. - Okay. The funniest thing about my name is that my grandmother could never, ever get it right. - That's great. But what did she wear. - Okay. - You know and what did she walk like? And you can exaggerate - Okay. Stand up is so hard. I can be funny just being me, but forcing funny is not easy. - You know, you're really funny if your family never talks to you again. - Give a warm Hollywood welcome to Jujubee. (applause) - I'm so nervous right now. It's the final challenge. Anybody could win. Hopefully it's me. (applause) So first things first, right. I was born a drag queen and the afterbirth was glitter. When I came out, I had a Mac lip glass in one hand, the other one was a jazz hand. Everybody do a jazz hand with me darling. Woo. So basically I pop out and they named me Airline. I mean my parents must've been on some good shit. The funniest part about my name really is that my grandma can't say it. Picture this okay. Old Asian lady, titties down to here. Alin, Alin I come home and all I see, wigs, undy wear panty, blue Paul CD I don't know what is going on with you. Are you gay. Well kind of. Alin look in my face, you fucking liar. You go out with boy. You know, I feel really confident. I hope that crown is nice and heavy and shiny. - [RuPaul] Jujubee. Touch this skin honey. - [Jujubee] I'm serving you up some fierce, sexy, sultry diva. - [Judge] Oh it looks like a blue moon tonight. - [Judge 2] She must live in Asbury Park. - I am Jujube from season two of 'RuPaul's Drag Race' and season one of 'All Stars'. Third time's the charm. - Oh. - Come on grandma Barbie. - I have never been blown like that in my life. - Miss Jujubee you give good mouth. - (beep) you. I made it to top three, twice. It is time to take the crown. What about Jujubee? Give me the crown RuPaul. Can I have the crown? Please. Okay I am so dressed for all your funerals 'cause I'm going to kill you all. Get ready baby. - You've aged so well. - Oh like cheese. This Jujubee has stepped her pussy up. This is like I am the pussy staircase. You know what's kind of funny it's like if we were ink in a printer, it like it runs out by the time we get to (speaker drowned). - Mariah Paris Balenciaga. Great you're here so we have to change the name to 'RuPaul's Drag Race 'Some Stars'. Mayhem Filler. Farvey, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I mean Meh-ham Miller (laughing) Alexis Mateo. I don't want to be shady so I'm not going to bring up your weight, but when you work, do they pay you in pounds? (laughing) - Bitch. - [RuPaul] Jujubee, the shade. Please enjoy the vocal stylings of Jujubee. ♪ I'm sitting all alone, crying on the floor ♪ ♪ Thinking about the same old lies you've told ♪ ♪ I can't bear my broken soul ♪ ♪ The sun is shining bright ♪ ♪ And it's storm in my insides ♪ ♪ I can hear the silent lightning strike ♪ ♪ Tryna get you off my mind ♪ ♪ I don't wanna think ♪ ♪ I don't wanna feel a thing ♪ ♪ 'Cause your lies ripped my heart apart ♪ - That is passion coming out her throat. ♪ Love again no more ♪ ♪ I just need to drink ♪ ♪ Drink 'till I can't feel the pain ♪ ♪ 'Cause your lies broke my heart so hard ♪ ♪ Got me defeated ♪ ♪ I don't wanna love again no more ♪ (cheering) - [RuPaul] Jujubee. - [Judge] Yes. - [Judge 2] Can't decide that this is a trick or a treat. - [RuPaul] It's a trick. - [Jujubee] I am serving you the sickest, witchiest witch, she's the queen of Halloween. - Oh. - [Judge] I love this Mrs. Claus, you know Santa's really getting it every night. - [Jujubee] And then I am giving you a Santa baby. She's a little slutty, but she's still a good girl so she's not on the naughty list. - Oh my goodness that's Jujubee, the Beaster bunny. - [Jujubee] The truth is I really love Thanksgiving, but I was not going to come in dressed like a Pilgrim because of cultural appropriation. I do not want a Pilgrim to be upset with me. - A queen for all seasons. Jujubee condragulations you are the top All-star the week. - Thank you. I've been waiting a really long time to win something. Thank you. You want a carrot? - You've won a seven nights stay for two in the penthouse suite at The Grand Resort And Spa in Fort Lauderdale Florida. Hi Jujubee. - Hi mama. - You're making something here. Do you sew? - No. I've done it before. - So here we are in the Charles' family backyard ball. - Yes. - I know that there was some backstory with your family that your mother had left the family. - Yeah I was 15 and dad died so it was me, my two sisters and six months afterwards she kind of had a meltdown and left with some man and I was me and my two sisters we became basically wards of the state. I was very lucky I got to live with my aunt but my two sisters were put into foster homes. - Really? - Yeah. - Oh my goodness and how long were they in there? - We disconnected for, for about five years and then got back together. - So how have you created family in your adult life? - I've had to let go of a lot of the people in my past because it wasn't healthy for me. So most of my friends now are my friends that I meet at my meetings because we share the same spirituality, we're all broken inside. - Oh yeah. - But we're working on becoming better human being. A couple of years ago I made some decisions that would affect my life. I broke up with my fiance of 12 years and I also made a conscious decision to stop using drugs and drinking. And that has been very impactful for me not only as a human being, but as a drag queen. I'm not completely found, but I'm not as lost as I used be. If that makes any sense to you. - Oh that sounds like a gospel song. I want to hear Albertina Walker sing that song. And you stick with those friends in those places that you and I both know about because I think what you're going to find is they will help you. 'Cause I wouldn't be here today without those friends. I wouldn't be here. - It's a beautiful moment for me because I needed this meeting. I needed this and I'm so happy that there's somebody here that I can relate to with this. And it just so happens to be the person that I look up to the most. - It's a real, real gift. - Thank you. - And you can honor that gift by shining and sewing and cooking. - I'll bring the potato salad. - Is that your signature dish? - With raisins and MSG? - You can leave out the MSG. - No my campaign is Jujubee for MSG. Vote for me. - Okay yeah, okay yeah. Well, got my vote. I'm gonna let you get to work. It looks like you got a piece of fabric here that you have not cut, you have not patterned, you have not done a damn thing to. - I folded it in half. - You folded it in half. So I'm gonna let you get to it. - Thank you, mama. - Thank you so much. I'll see you out there. - Yes ma'am. - [RuPaul] Jujubee. - [Jujubee] Sorry I'm late, I didn't wanna come. I'm RuPaul's Asian bestie 'cause once you go Asian, that's all you be craving. My name is Ping, but everybody in my family calls me Amber. I hope you like my outfit. For the backyard fish fry, I brought my famous potato salad with raisins, which I made with potatoes and raisins and my secret ingredient, MSG. Today I'm planning on spilling a family secret. RuPaul isn't just my bestie, she's my psychological mommy dearest. Bye. She has had it. - [RuPaul] Jujubee. - [Judge] Look at the melons on her. - [Judge 2] Now do you spit or swallow? The seeds, the seeds guys. - [Jujubee] Ooh girl I am giving you the only Lappy Tappy Ms. Tappy, USA mama. I'm wearing watermelon's, my favorite fruit. My hair is just absolutely perfect and coiffed, nobody's touching this. I'm the watermelon lady. - [Judge] You've got appeal. (upbeat music) (Katya speaks in foreign language) - [Contestant] Oh. Is this Russia? - With love. My name is Yekaterina Petrovna Zamolodchikova, but you can call me Katya. - [Contestant] Come on, accent. - And I'm just your average run of the mill Russian bisexual transvestite hooker. Is this the Schulman bar mitzvah? (speaks in foreign language) Hi! Katya is at the intersection of glamor and comedy. And you can find her right on the corner, selling her ass. - Is this Soviet Union inspired? - It's actually my great grandma's army uniform. (group laughs) I am terrified for this elimination. We have to be naked, and I have the body of a 55-year-old Irish rock climber. Give me a (beep) break. - [RuPaul] Now, sissy that walk. Up first is Russia's own, Katya. - [Judges] Ooh. - [Kathy] Katya awesome. - [Katya] It is my dream to walk down the main stage runway of RuPaul's Drag Race, and I have to do it naked. I rip off the thing. - [Judges] Oh! - And I'm giving you Russian red hippy realness. I think they're buying it. When in doubt, show them your (beep). I don't know. - [Kathy] Oh! - [RuPaul] Oh, dear. - She dropped something. What an ass. - Thank you. - No, her. - Oh. - Does her fringe match the drapes? (judges laugh) Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! - I'm about to perform a song by Olivia Newton John right in front of her, and I am sweating like a hooker in church. - Good luck, and don't (beep) it up. (upbeat music) ♪ Do we deserve a second chance ♪ ♪ How did we fall into this circumstance ♪ - Whoa! ♪ It's gotta be a strange twist of fate ♪ - [Katya] I definitely need to make a statement, so I just tried to pound my vagina into that stage so hard that the building shakes. ♪ Life doesn't mean a thing ♪ ♪ Without the love you bring ♪ ♪ Love is what we've found ♪ ♪ The second time around ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh oh ♪ - Katya is doing all these splits, slow splits, back bends. The look is right. She's killing it. ♪ It's gotta be a strange twist of fate ♪ ♪ Telling me that heaven can wait ♪ (judges applaud) (RuPaul laughs) - [Carson] Yes! - Ladies. I've made my decision. Katya, Shantay, you stay. - Thank you so much. - You may join the other girls. - Thank you. - Goodbye, Sasha. We love you. - [Group] Bye. - [Contestant] We love you, Sasha. - This week, I survived by the skin of my (beep) fingernails. It was the most stressful thing I've ever done in my life. I'm gonna (beep) murder that next challenge, whatever it is. (group laughs) - Ladies, it's time to release your inner golden girl. Katya, I love the smell of Bengay in the morning. Katya, Emerald City fashion week. (judges laugh) - [Judges] Oh! - [Katya] I am in love with my look. I'm sissying that leg. I feel confident. I feel sexy. I feel stupid. - Yes, honey. She is serving green legs and ham. (judges laugh) Welcome, ladies. It's time to debut your videos. First up, the parody of Dance with You. ♪ Grab some oil ♪ ♪ I've got a place for you ♪ ♪ Out on the seashore ♪ ♪ Feel the heat on my sizzlin' meat ♪ ♪ As we hit the beach at noon again, oh oh ♪ ♪ I wanna tan, tan ♪ ♪ I wanna tan, tan ♪ ♪ Gonna roast and toast ♪ ♪ Gonna roast and toast and tan for you ♪ ♪ Gonna roast and toast ♪ ♪ Gonna roast and toast and toast and toast ♪ ♪ Put the sunblock down ♪ ♪ I wanna tan ♪ ♪ I wanna tan, tan ♪ - Pass me the (beep) baby oil, bitch. (judges laugh) - For today's mini challenge, you'll be making your own paper versions of classic celebrity red carpet outfits. Mrs. Kasha Davis and Katya, Bjork. - [Contestant] Uh-oh. - Next up, recreating the infamous swan dress. Katya, and is that Joan Rivers? - What are you wearing? (group laughs) - Actually, I'm wearing a custom-made Klein Epstein & Parker suit. - Stunning. And this next gal, she's wearing a swan on her body and an elephant on her ankles. (group laughs) (Katya mumbles) Now available on iTunes. - Bjork flew all the way from Iceland for this, and boy, are her arms tired. Good job, ladies. I've graded your papers and the winning pair is Mrs. Kasha Davis and Katya. (group cheers) For this week's maxi challenge, you'll be acting in the behind the scenes reenactment series, #RuHollywoodStories. (group laughs) This week's episode, Whatever Happened to Merle Ginsberg? Y'all remember Merle? She sat by my side for the first two seasons of RuPaul's Drag Race. I could almost see her now, so soft, so wise, so blurry. (group laughs) - Goodbye, Merle? But I'm not going anywhere. Ru and I are great friends. - Well, I'm her best friend, okay? And I'm supposed to be a judge here. You got it, Merley girl? (laughs) - Ginger is gonna be the evil villain, which is perfect because she's playing it like Ginger Minj as Danny DeVito, as Tony Soprano, as the Fonz, as Michelle Visage. - Hey, Merle, how's my cake? Don't you want sprinkles? - So I have to find a way to kind of not get overshadowed by Ginger. - [RuPaul] Now, sissy that walk. Katya. - [Merle] Something seems really fishy here. - [RuPaul] I think we're gonna need a bigger boat. - [Katya] I'm summoning up my best Tara Reid in Sharknado. I've got the stringy blonde hair and I'm feeling the Shark Week fantasy. - [Ross] They both have fabulous mouths, don't you think? - [RuPaul] Yes. - [Merle] And they both unhinge at the jaw. - [RuPaul] Whatever happened to Merle Ginsberg? - I'm Merle Ginsberg, and this is my story. I was at the craft service table, getting my morning martini and I spotted RuPaul and said, "Hey, Russi-q. "I'm so glad to be back for season three." And RuPaul said, "Oh, Merley girl, "I could never do the show without you." - You have job security for the rest of your life! - Ah. - Little did I know that we were not alone. (Ginger coughs) - Oh my god, you scared me. I didn't see you there. - Not very observant for a judge, bitch. (gasps) Ru! I brought you a cake! - All of the brothers would wanna eat this cake. Speaking of, I need to say hey to the new pit crew. - Goodbye, Merle? But I'm not going anywhere. Ru and I are great friends! - Ginger Minj, yours is the winning team. - Yeah! - You are all safe. But tonight, on the runway, one of you stole the show. Katya, condragulations. You're the winner of this week's challenge. You'll receive a $2,000 gift card from Fabric Planet. - Yes! I won a challenge! I am so excited! Bodily fluids spraying out of every orifice. It's down to eight girls. My game plan going forward is to kill a few of the girls to make it to the top. - Snatch game! (group cheers) Now go on and hashtag that! - Snatch game is the challenge that every fan of RuPaul's Drag Race has been waiting for. We put on these giant latex frog costumes and we go through a fiery obstacle course. Okay, all right, I'm sorry. You compete on a live game show, a parody of the Match Game. - Hello, Katya. - Hi. - [RuPaul] Who are you doing? - Suze Orman. - Have you done her before? - Nope. - Now, I know that you do a Russian act-- - Yeah. - Because the Katya character is a Russian. Why didn't you do a Russian character? Because you do it so well. What is it you're afraid of? - I don't know. I think it's like my whole life, I've been riddled with anxiety, fearful of things that aren't a big deal. - Ah. - I'm afraid to show this character because it's the thing that I do best and I'm terrified of failing at it. - You have an addiction to the anxiety. - I've never thought of that before. I've been addicted to alcohol, crystal meth, cocaine. - The reason you're here is because you're super talented, so don't be afraid. - Okay. Addicted to anxiety. - Next up, financial advisor, Suze Orman. - Hello, my darling dear little chickadee RuPaul. - Now, Suze, I make $8 an hour hosting this show. Can I afford a yacht? - Ah, how about a little rubber ducky? I'll throw in a hot bag of nickels just in case. - You've got a deal! - Now, in this new version, Dorothy blanks the Tin Man. - Well, of course, she bangs him, which is exactly what I'd like to do to most of these women here on this panel. (RuPaul laughs) Except for this one down here, Miss Donatella. She looks like a skeleton made out of beef jerky. This morning, I'm second guessing myself about my performance in this challenge. I don't know where I stand in the eyes of the judges. All I can hear is the voices in my head telling me how terrible I am. (sighs) Can I talk to you for a moment? - [Miss Fame] I'd love to talk with you. - [Katya] Okay. - [Miss Fame] What's going on? - I, I am like kind of freaking out. I've been completely sober for the past year and a half. Most of the time, I'm fine. But being away from my network of support has been brutal. I know that Fame is sober, so she's the only other person who can understand exactly what I'm going through. How long have you been sober for? - I've been sober for nine years, but counting days in here feels like being a newcomer. - That's exactly what it feels like. Like, it's hard. - Mm-hmm. I've never seen that of you. - I'm pretty good at hiding it. I am terrified of failure. - [Miss Fame] Yeah. - And like, my sense of humor is just like, has been like a smokescreen for that. - Yeah. - I have to tell you, the first day I came in here, the first thing I thought of was like, "You don't belong here. "You're not good enough." I didn't realize like how badly, I've actually never been able to love myself. It's like... - It's okay, boo-boo. You are loved. You are loved. - In this competition, I'm having to like deal with all the insecurities that I don't wanna face, and I did not expect that. - You're being so hard on yourself. You're in it, but you're not alone. I'm here with you having those same fears and feelings. - This moment is what I needed. - I needed it too. - Thank you so, I love you. - All right, my name is Miss (beep) and I'm an alcoholic. (Katya laughs) Truth be told. - My name is Yekaterina Petrovna Zamolodchikova and I'm a drug addict and alcoholic, oh! After my talk with Fame, I feel like a weight has been lifted. - [RuPaul] Katya, oh! Samantha Fox is such a wild dame. - I'm trying to just serve sexy and confident whore, slutty cougar on the prowl, third rate Faith Hill impersonator, 80% sexy, 20% disgusting. - [Female Judge] Look out, Tawny Kitaen. We got a new white snake, bitch. (RuPaul laughs) - Now, for today's mini challenge, you'll be serving some bitch rich reality realness. Using clear plastic tape, you need to nip and tuck your mugs to plastic perfection. You'll be shooting a title sequence for my latest series, the Fake Housewives of RuPaul's Drag Race. (group laughs) - Katya seems to have built an entire forehead out of tape. She is serving Herman Munster realness. - What's the best part about being married to a sociopath? The constant threat of danger keeps you so thin. (RuPaul laughs) Do you know how to tango? - No. - Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jamie Lee Curtis. - It's like Spanish. - Violet and I are paired up for the first time, and I'm not exactly sure how this is gonna go. - [RuPaul] Katya. She comes from a drag house divided. - [Female Judge] Meet me halfway. - On one side, I'm giving you flamenco flapper. My feminine side is very coy and demure. And then bam! It's a man. - [Carson] I think this one's gonna be a split decision. - [RuPaul] Oh, yeah. - [Carson] Oh. - [Female Judge] Nice. - [RuPaul] Now sissy that walk. - [Announcer] Doing the tango vogue, it's Violet Chachki and Katya. (upbeat tango music) (upbeat dance music) (upbeat tango music) (upbeat dance music) (upbeat tango music) - Next up, Katya. - First, I wanna say that I loved seeing you with this black hair, 'cause I know we're used to seeing Katya in red hair and blonde hair. We haven't really gotten the black fantasy yet, I don't think. - Ooh, girl. - Well, I've had the black fantasy many a time, but not from you, Katya. - When I saw you come out on the runway, I was like, oh. Like you were very coquettish. And then when you turned, and I mean, this as a compliment, it was very like hot douchey guy. - That is amazing. - Katya and Violet, condragulations, you're the winner of this week's challenge. - Oh, my god! I'm so (beep) happy. Oh, you (beep) bitch. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. - [RuPaul] Hello, Katya. - [Carson] She's Putin her money where her mouth is. - [RuPaul] She sure is. - [Katya] (speaks in foreign language) My name Hello Katya, and I'm from the magic land of Siberia, and everyone loves my bad breath. One extra special thing to know about me is that I'm the sweatiest woman in showbusiness. I feel like my socialist side will balance out Hello Kitty's decadent capitalism. That's why Hello Kitty and I will be best comrades forever. - [RuPaul] She's not Russian. She's taking her time. - [Rebecca] She is. (upbeat music) - (speaks in foreign language) My name is Yekaterina Petrovna Zamolodchikova but you can call me Katya. (snorts) You may remember me as the lovable Russian hooker from season seven with a crippling anxiety problem. But I'm back with a refillable prescription for Xanax. - [RuPaul] Yowza, Babraham Lincoln. - Pass me the (beep) baby oil, bitch. (RuPaul laughs) - You did a beautiful obscenity. - When do I get to blow them? I can't say that? (speaks in foreign language) (snorts) During my season, I feel like I held back out of fear. Whenever anything went wrong, I wanted to jump off the hotel balcony. But this time around, I wanna just spread my legs even wider. (speaks in foreign language) Coco Montrese, I always wanted to know what the female gremlin would look like in 25 years. (group laughs) - [Contestant] That was a good one, bitch. - Ginger Minj, in my eyes, the true winner of season seven of TLC's I Didn't Know I Was Pregnant. (group laugs) Roxxxy Andrews, I think about you all the time, especially in the morning at the bus stop. (group laughs) Too soon, too soon, sorry. - [RuPaul] Up next, Katya. Talent, gymnastics. (group cheers) - This bitch is over here on her hands, pussy poppin'. All right, Miss Katya. You get the gold from me. (group cheers) - [Contestant] Who are you doing? - I'm gonna do Bjork. - Oh, right. - All-star Snatch Game gives the chance for those who bombed in their season to really stand out. - The totally wacky and original Bjork is here. - I love your suit. - Thank you. - It reminds me of the lining of my small intestine. (group laughs) - All right, Jujubee, are you ready for your question? - Mm-hmm. - My play cousin Cornesha is such a party animal! When mosquitoes bite her, they have to go to blank. Okay, Jujubee. - The clinic. - Yes! Good answer. - Right. - Let's move on down to Bjork. - I'm pretty excited 'cause I also said clinic. - [RuPaul] You said clinic! - Yeah. How many bones do I win? - How many bones do you want? Oh. (RuPaul laughs) See you after the show, bubbles. (RuPaul laughs) Oh. - [RuPaul] Did you hear that Bjork? - I'm down for anything, especially I'd like the eat her hair. It looks like pastrami. (RuPaul laughs) - Something else looks like pastrami too. - (gurgles) Oh. (grunts) Brrt. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Up next, Katya She's into water sports. - Oh, it's Esther Williams, Fister Williams. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Wow, look at those breaststrokes. - [Ross] Our cycles are synchronized. - [Katya] I'm giving you a skin-tight sea foam green Esther Williams underwater fantasy. My waist is cinched. My nose is pinched. And my body is absolutely drenched in sweat. - [Ross] Her look is making me wet. - [RuPaul] Take a dip in the cool waters of Katya. (judges laugh) Up next, Katya. - I love this runway look so much. I like when people do something that's what you're not expecting. And what you gave us was like this Esther Williams moment with the full cap, and then you have like the nose thing, which is the genius little touch that I expect from Katya, so right on. - Thanks. - Snatch Game, I loved the Snatch Game. When I think of Bjork, I think of like an Icelandic toddler on LSD, and you gave me that. - You're just brilliant. You're an artist. And all of your answers were just so psychotic and I just love everything that you do. - Whether people knew who Bjork was or not, we all understood exactly what you were doing. And that's what makes a really good characterization. It was fabulous. - Thank you so much. (judges laugh) - I've made some decisions. Katya, Alaska, you are the top two all-stars of the week. Katya. Ooh, Barbara Eden. - [Carson] I dream of weenie. - [Nicole] Ooh, there she goes. - [Group] Oh. - Thank you. (judges laugh) - [Katya] I'm giving you full health Sharon Tate fantasy. It's Rosemary's babushka and I feel amazing. - Not tonight, Satan. Not tonight. Katya and Detox starring in Velma and Weezy. When last we saw Velma and Weezy, they were taking a shortcut to the bottom of the Grand Canyon. They may be dead, but they're still best friends. - Where is she? Velma, what took you so long? I think I'm having a nervous breakdown! - The Quickie Mart didn't sell brain, so I ate the clerk's brain instead. - Ah. - Oh, and I robbed the store. - We don't need money, Velma! We're zombies. Hold on, I got a great idea. Selfie! Ooh-wee! (knocking on door) - You ordered room service? - No. - Mother (beep). 'Cause suddenly, I'm very hungry. - Hoo-hoo! If it isn't that handsome Brad Pitt lookalike that stole all our money. What are you doing here, BJ? - You come back to give us that money you stole from us, baby, with interest? - Maybe he's just here to see what it's like to get some head from the walkin' dead! Woo-hoo! - Bitch, he's mine! - (gasps) Bitch, this is a street war! - Weezy, you zombie skank! You (beep). (both scream) - I swear to god, I hate you! (both scream) - Look what you did! - Look what you did! Oh! (both scream) - Thanks, ladies. (both gasp) - That sassy son of a bitch took our money again. - No matter what happens, I'm glad I got to be a zombie with you. - I've never felt more dead? Hey, Velma, would you mind if I partake in your little arm here? - If you can't eat your friends, who can you eat? (judges laugh) - Yes. Oh my god, yes! Hey, Katya. - Hello, mother. - We are excited to hear what your product is. - So it's called Katya's Crisis Control, and it's a refreshing body mist. And it also packs the right amount of Thorazine to protect from anxiety, fear, hallucinations, or ghosts. - So you're selling-- - I'm selling a feeling, a sensation of like-- - You know, that's the first way to kill a brand-- - Oh. - Is to sell something that doesn't have value. So I think you have a little bit of a branding identity crisis. - Okay, well, that's very on brand for me. (laughs) - I think right now, the only crisis here is the product. I wanna have something that somebody actually wants to buy. Just lose the bottle and the whole idea. Start over. - Okay. - I'm sorry. Thanks, Katya. - Thank you. Whoo! (laughs) (upbeat muic) - Hi, Katya. - So for today's maxi challenge, we have to pitch a product that reflects our brand. - You've got props. You've got pit crew, and you've got furniture courtesy of our friends at RiverWorks. - Is there a pig? Oh, there's a Turkey, that's even better. (Carson chuckles) I'm gonna hold the turkey. I'm in a kitchen. - You look confused. So you're in the kitchen. - I'm in the kitchen. - Okay, and you're going to be standing there. - Standing here in the kitchen. - [Michelle] What's your lines? - These days, being a woman is really hard. Keep going? - Okay, is there more? - Oh, yeah, yeah. That's the whole commercial. (Michelle laughs) - [Carson] Do the whole thing, do the whole thing. - [RuPaul] Katya. The Russians are taking over the runway. - [Katya] I'm giving you 1980s lesbian literary agent, disinterested, pissed off, Ellen Barkin fantasy. Comrade Katya, to androgyny and beyond. - Up next, Comrade Katya. - Riddled with anxiety? Crippled under the burden of existential pain? (judges laugh) Jello. My name is Katya Zamolodchikova. (judges laugh) You know, these days, being a woman is tough. When I'm not struggling with my weight or worried about wrinkles, I am bombarded by a cacophony of demonic voices in my head telling me, "You're not good enough." (RuPaul laughs) That's why I created Crisis Control, a moisturizing body spray that provides relief while heavy doses of Thorazine shield the psyche from pain. So go ahead, control yourself. (judges laugh) - That is ge-ni-us. Your commercial is brilliant, just very, very funny the whole way through. - You were really working within your whorehouse, I mean wheelhouse. (RuPaul and Katya laugh) Let's talk about this runway look. You looked gorgeous. You really were modeling othe (beep) out of it. (Katya laughs) - The outfit is so wrong, it's right. - Everything you did, your commercial, your product and your look are on brand. - Thank you. - Alaska, Katya, condragulations. You are the two top all-stars of the week. Hello, hello, hello! - [Group] Hi! - Ladies. Now queens, as gay people, we get to choose our families because sometimes, the families we grew up with don't understand us. So when I recently reached out with an invitation to your moms and sisters, I'm sorry to say that not one of them accepted my invitation. They all did. So let's give a big drag race family welcome to Katya's mother, Pat. (Katya screams and laughs) - My mom! I hate that (beep). No, just kidding. How does it feel to be in Hollywood? - Oh my god, I feel like a star. (Pat laughs) - This is it, this is it. It's so different this time like from season seven though because it's like a lot more joyful and less riddled with anxiety, which is a new thing. - [Pat] That's awesome. - Yeah. It's so cool to have my mom in the room now when I'm not a nervous wreck. What I'm thinking is sexy Russian trophy bride with her peasant mom. - And who am I? (Katya laughs) - This is definitely gonna be a transformation. I don't think my mother has ever worn heels in her life. She's used to spending under $10 for a blouse at Savers. I probably shouldn't say that. Oh my god. This fits you like a (beep) glove. That's incredible. - Hey, Katya! - Hi! - Hi, Pat! That lace front looks like it's coming out of your head. - (laughs) It isn't? (Katya and Pat laugh) - Now, did you watch your child on Drag Race? - Yes, I did. - What was the most shocking thing you learned? - When he got really personal about his struggles with anxiety. Parent, that heartache. I mean, I knew it, but to see it so raw, that was a shock to my heart. And thank you for counseling him. You did wonderful. - Oh, that's very kind. Thank you. Now, Katya, you're the only queen left who is not from season five. - I noticed that, yeah. - Do you think that the Rolaskatox girls are, you know-- - Conspiring against me? - Yeah. (laughs) - Picking off the other seasons one by one? I'm the only one in the group who's not from season five, which means that they all have stronger bonds with each other than they do with me, especially Rolaskatox. So if I end up in the bottom, it could be RuPaul's best friend race, which means I go home. (laughs) - [RuPaul] Up next, Katya and Svetlana Borisnova. Ah. ♪ Yodelay-hee-ho ♪ - [RuPaul] Emphasis on the ho. - Mama! (judges laughs) I'm giving '70s Soviet Anna Karenina, and she's giving confused bumbling babushka. (RuPaul laughs) - What they're wearing, would you call it Russian dressing? I think that is it, yeah. Up next, Katya and Svetlana Borisvitna How'd I do with the name? - Terribly. - Yeah. Say it for me. - Borisnova. - And this is Svetlana Boris (sighs). (judges laugh) - I think the vogueing thing was not high up on the scale of things I love to do in life for Katya. - Yeah. - But then you came out here with this storyline, and I was like, "Yes!" - It just completely flipped the switch for me. It felt so Katya. - You're giving us this like vintage Missoni kind of look. It's something that they would wear in Real Housewives of Minsk. (RuPaul laughs) - Yes, exactly. - Really one of the highlights of the evening. - I will say, sidebar, your mother completely stole the show. - Yes! - Your acting, I mean, you deserve a Tony award for that. - Thank you. - Detox, Katya, condragulations. You are the two top all-stars of the week. You and your loved ones have each won a $2,000 gift certificate from Marc Jacobs. - Oh, wow. ♪ You a basic ho ♪ ♪ And it's your time to go ♪ ♪ So bitch, let me show you the door ♪ ♪ Lenin in the streets ♪ ♪ Dostoevsky in the streets ♪ - Oh, I (beep) up that part. I'm like the sugar-free French Vanilla Ice of drag. This is gonna sound great. Rapping is hard. - It is hard, yeah. (Katya laughs) - AB is giving me really good feedback. He's like blinking his eyes a lot. ♪ Lenin in the streets ♪ ♪ Dostoevsky in the sheets ♪ ♪ Lenin in the streets ♪ ♪ Dostoevsky in the sheets ♪ - Oh, my goodness. Look who just walked in. - Hi. - Hi, Katya. - So now, your mother was here. I thought she was just a dream. - Isn't she amazing? - [RuPaul] She really is. - [Michelle] Wow. - Yeah, thank god my dad's a sociopath, so there's balance. - Well, there's balance. (Michelle laughs) And you know, that's the secret of life is having a balance. - Absolutely. And you know what? This season, it started out so much better, but still, there was a little bit of like-- - The voices? - One thing that I've been coaching myself with is like, I sort of named that voice. I call her Brenda. - Uh-huh. - And I just say, "You know what, Brenda? "Shut the (beep) up." (Michelle laughs) - I love that. - Yeah, so-- - I found that what you do is you develop another voice that sort of counteracts that voice. - Yeah, Carl. - Wait a minute. It's not Hot Carl, is it? (group laughs) - Being excited to talk with Ru is a new sensation for me. Our rapport is fantastic. So this is the moment that I know how far I've come in the competition. - [RuPaul] Gorgeous! - [Michelle] Yay! ♪ Looky here ♪ ♪ Listen up ♪ ♪ I'm the one ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ I'm the one, one, one ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ I'm, I'm the one ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Yekaterina Petrovna Zamolodchikova ♪ ♪ But your dad just calls me Katya ♪ ♪ I'm the red scare with the long blonde hair ♪ ♪ Always keep 'em coming back for more ♪ ♪ You a basic ass ho and it's your time to go ♪ ♪ So bitch, let me show you the door ♪ ♪ 'Cause it's me who's getting laid ♪ ♪ And I'm always getting paid ♪ ♪ The only high class Russian whore ♪ ♪ I'm a squashing hot mess in a skintight dress ♪ ♪ That's a rash, not a herpes sore ♪ - Ah! ♪ Lenin in the streets ♪ ♪ Dostoevsky in the sheets ♪ ♪ Baby, are you ready for this cold war ♪ ♪ Katya Zamolodchikova ♪ ♪ Wrote you, told you ♪ ♪ Now I, now I rid ya ♪ - [RuPaul] Katya. - [Female Judge] Wow. - [Judges] Ooh. - [RuPaul] Do the bustle. (judges laugh) - I am the confident, complex, regal matriarch of a Russian mafia family, enjoying her last days on earth before she is set ablaze by jeaouls relatives. - [Female Judge] I know where I'm hiding if there's an earthquake. (judges laugh) - One final question. Why should you and not your fellow all-stars be inducted into the Drag Race hall of fame? Katya. - Charisma, uniqueness, nerve, talent. What do these qualities have in common? I don't know. I'm not a scientist. (judges laugh) I stand here, a charismatic woman of grace and dignity with a unique sense of humor and point of view. In season seven, you let me show the world that I'm good enough. And here, you let me believe it myself, and I can't thank you enough for that. Like they say in Russia, (speaks in foreign language). - What does that mean? - I have a carburetor outside that I just have to do some work on. (group laughs) - Thank you, Katya. - Thank you. (jazzy music) - This isn't Maury Povich! My name is Trixie Mattel, and I'm 24 years old. - Oh my goodness. - Oh, well, here's another comedy queen. She got her overdrawn lips, and clown makeup. She is ready to go. - I'm a hair and makeup artist. So. I think a lot of the queens don't necessarily get where I'm coming from. Drag queens always say paint for the back row. I paint for the check cashing place down the street. The Maxi Challenge this week is to create resort wear that has a tearaway to reveal a nude illusion. I pride myself on utilizing literally none of my natural features, so a challenge where I have to compete with these beautiful, fishy girls with perfect bodies to me is the worst case situation. (sewing machine whirring) So your partner, are you guys like married or? - Yeah. We got married last year. - My boyfriend's family, I went home for Christmas with them and they really liked me, and then they found out about drag and they called him like in a panic, like, "We don't want you with somebody who does this." - Are you for real? - Yeah. They don't like drag. I don't understand why they don't get that it's just me playing a person. His mom said, "Trixie's clown drag "makes me sick to my stomach," is what she told him. - Oh my god. - They were right about one thing. (person laughs) - [RuPaul] Trixie Mattel. - [Ross] She can't play, she doesn't have any balls. - [Trixie] I'm doing Valley girl, she's at the resort, she's playing a little tennis. - [Michelle] Show us your birdie. - [Trixie] Surprise, I kinda look like a doll, so I'm giving you hinges, life in plastic is fantastic. - [Michelle] A living doll. - [Carson] She's like Skipper's sister, Stripper. (judges laugh) - Hello, hello, hello! (all cheering) Condragulations, ladies. For today's Mini Challenge, you need to give face, face, face while the Pit Crew blows you. (dramatic music) (record scratches) With a leafblower! (RuPaul laughs) The two winners of today's Mini Challenge are Ginger Minj, and Trixie Mattel! (all clapping) Condragulations, ladies. Let's bust a move. Just, don't break a hip. Trixie Mattel. ♪ Got to keep on dancing ♪ - Girl, your (bleep) is on once a month Boniva! (all laughing) Trixie Mattel! Bearded for the gods. ♪ Now sissy that walk ♪ - [Michelle] Heavenly. - [Trixie] It's like I just stepped out of an oil painting, and I'm takin' 'em to church. - [Michelle] And now, with wings. (RuPaul laughs) - Is she a ZZ Top or a ZZ bottom? As I promised last week, one of the eliminated queens is returning. Do you wanna know who? - No. - Yeah. - All right, you ready? Come on out, kitty girl! (all yelling) - [Queen] Oh my god. - Hi, Trixie! - Hi! I look like I'm gonna trade some girls some soap for some new makeup, girl. (all laughing) - Trixie Mattel, that means you're back in the race, girl. - I'm back, yay! I thought I was fourth episode queen, bye. I thought I was Mimi Imfurst, and now I'm Mimi Imsecondchance. Katya, where do you get your outfits, girl? American Apparently Not? (all laughing) Ginger Minj. Girl, did you ever save Carol Anne from the Poltergeist in the TV? (all laughing) Violet, I don't believe the rumors. I don't believe you took Sharon Needles' crown. I don't believe you're taking this one either. (all laughing) - The winner of today's Mini Challenge is Trixie Mattel! (all cheering) - I'm back. Trixie Mattel has way more up her sleeve. - [RuPaul] Ginger Minj and Trixie Mattel in Eggs. Your country breakfast is ready. (judges laughing) (country music) - Babs, I'm so hungry! Please come here. - [Trixie] I'm comin', Mama! ♪ In the mornin' when the sun comes out ♪ ♪ I get hungry like I've never eaten ♪ ♪ Every day I hear her scream and shout ♪ ♪ Always yellin' for her daily feedin' ♪ ♪ All night long I only dream for ♪ ♪ Then at 10:30 I hear her scream for ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ All I want is eggs ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ All I want is eggs ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ All she wants is ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ Eggs, another dozen eggs ♪ ♪ Mama, do you want them over easy ♪ - No way! ♪ I want them sunnyside up ♪ ♪ Since the sun is shinin' ♪ ♪ Has the egg man come to us today ♪ ♪ I'm sure he'd stop by if you stop your whinin' ♪ ♪ Oh I love him so for bringing what I dream for ♪ ♪ He'll leave another dozen right at the screen door ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ All I want is eggs ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ All I want is eggs ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ All I want is ♪ ♪ Eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ ♪ All I want is eggs, eggs, eggs ♪ (judges laughing) - Deeply, deeply disturbing. Masterqueef Theater presents "The Fake Housewives of RuPaul's Drag Race." - How do I sleep at night? (Trixie laughs) Ask your husband. (RuPaul laughs) (intense music) - Oh honey. Woo, that's how I roll. That is such a (bleep) waste. That would've killed if someone was here. (upbeat music) I'm Trixie Mattel, and I am the crownless drag superstar from season seven. I came here to eclipse people with my talent, but also with my hair. There's nobody in here, it's like a Morgan McMichaels meet and greet. I feel like in the real world I've been a real All Star, but on "Drag Race" I was not an All Star. Howdy, y'all. - You went for the comedy gold, but all we got was bronze. - I need to make amends for the fact that I came in here, and just hit the cement and got dragged out like a dead body. Twice. - It's not about falling, it's about getting back up. - [RuPaul] Up next, the musical stylings of Trixie Mattel! (harpsichord music) ♪ Livin's like a jigsaw ♪ ♪ And the farther in you go ♪ ♪ If you're missin' pieces ♪ ♪ You never really know ♪ ♪ When you're tickin' like a timepiece ♪ ♪ On which you can rely ♪ ♪ Wonder why you wind it ♪ ♪ When you're runnin' out of time ♪ ♪ Sometimes there's a danger of chokin' on the parts ♪ ♪ No one gave a warnin' to the breakin' of your heart ♪ ♪ Pick up all the pieces ♪ ♪ And go back to the start ♪ ♪ Never losin' only usin' ♪ ♪ All your movin' parts ♪ ♪ All your movin' parts ♪ (audience cheering) Thank you so much, you're a beautiful driver. I really appreciate it! Oh my god, that taxi was disgusting. It smelled like a barn. He was gross, he was late, he drove like a maniac. Hi, I'm Trixie Mattel, I'm 27 years old, and I'm from sunny West Hollywood. And some people might say I'm fake, but those people are alcoholics. He's not even that good-looking, I have to go. Hi! - Hi. - Oh my god, you're even cuter in person than you are on TV. - Oh that's very sweet of you. - You kinda have this sexy like Denzel, like Gilbert Gottfried, but like sensual, do you know what I mean? I like my men like I like my coffee. Incapable of loving me back. Bye, Jason. Sorry, Jared. - Jeff, Jeffrey. (Jeffrey laughing) - Oh my god, you are so funny, stop! - Oh, ladies. - Stop, I said stop! You're literally killing me, you're so funny. - I wanna get to know you both a little bit better. (Michelle laughs) - Is this your house? - Jeffrey, Jeffrey, Jeffrey! - This is like the prettiest refurbished like Cheesecake Factory mall kiosk I have ever been to. - [Jeffrey] Thank you very much. - Do you remember when you wore these shirts on "Unreal?" - [Jeffrey] Uh. - I know the stylist. - This is wow, yeah. - Yeah, I've seen every episode of "Unreal." - You don't know Jeffrey like I know Jeffrey! - Hold on, I have to take this. Yeah, I'm here now. No, she's like a weird tourist girl. - Come across as like crazy, though? - Oh. - Like, do I look crazy? - It's just a really strong word. - He's like a five. - I can't handle it right now, I can't handle it. - You're a little different. - Yeah? - I know Trixie is playing a fake bitch, but baby, those facial expressions are real. - No he, no-- (Milk cackling) No, he's like a five, he's like an LA two. - Stop talking to me! What? Oh my god. - If steam could come off a wig, she would have those little lines above her head where the heat is risin', 'cause Miss Thing is hot! That Milky is cuttin' her off. (Shangela giggles) - People call me psycho, but I don't think I'm psychotic. I just think I'm really passionate about finding love. - Yeah. - Wow, the leaves-- - And that's why I'm here. - Me too, Milk. - The leaves in your hair are so fun. I wish you would leave. - Milk is just going way overboard. - It's been great, ladies. It's been an incredible pleasure. (Milk sobbing) - Bye, Gerald. - It's Jeffrey. - Welcome to another day at the office. Aren't you feeling gorgeous? Aren't you feeling technically amazing? - Milk someday wants to have a challenge inspired by her, and I betcha next season they'll be like, "This week on the runway "you'll be crying because you're only safe." (Trixie cackles) - [BeBe] How are you? - [Trixie] I really, really wanna win a challenge. - Right. - I've never even been in the top, so I really hope today it can happen. The first time I was on "Drag Race," I kinda just floated until I got flushed. All people knew about me was that I did not excel at "Drag Race," and didn't win any challenges. And I never had my star moments. This time I have to change that. I don't really like need validation, but to have one good week here would really help the momentum for the rest, you know. - I feel you. - Being safe all the time, you start to feel invisible. In the real world, I'm a Beyonce. But in the "Drag Race" world, I'm just a LaTavia. It doesn't matter on "Drag Race" what you've done in the real world. In these four fake brick walls, you are garbage until proven otherwise. - [RuPaul] Trixie Mattel. - [Michelle] Ooh, look who's here, Ru! - It's Lady Bunny! - Yes! - I'm Lady Bunny passed out on a deck chair in Palm Springs, getting a sunburn, and then boom! (judges gasp) Oh my god, it's a Tatianna, "Same Parts," "Dennis the Menace" fantasy. - Take another little piece of my hair now, baby. (judges laughing) Up next, Trixie Mattel! - Hi guys! - When you came out, I was feeling immediately like if Lady Bunny and Kesha had a baby. - Were you doing Lady Bunny? What was that about? - I thought can Lady Bunny become Naomi Smalls? Turns out, yes. (judges laugh) - In "The Bitchelor," your character was so spot on. It was basically Paris Hilton. - I was very impressed from the second you walked out. You were on the phone, and you weren't paying attention. It was like, oh, we know exactly who you are. And it was everything I wanted. - But I felt like you were getting talked over a little bit. - We were advised to try not to talk over each other. It was kind of like jump roping. I was kind of waiting sometimes for the moment. - I felt you waiting. - However, when you did get those lines in, they were hilarious. - All right, well thanks, Trixie. - Oh my god! I didn't even know this was happening. I'm gonna do like a pensive, rich woman. (RuPaul giggles) - Okay. - Oh my god. There's so much going on. (RuPaul laughs) (upbeat music) The Maxi Challenge is to create a soup that reflects who you are as a drag persona. Last week, I believed I was going home, and this week I love sewing, I love making costumes, and I'm actually really good at branding and selling stuff. So, I'm feeling really good. I wanna win a (bleep) challenge. Is anybody else doing energy? - Well, I'm not doing energy, I'm doing sugar. When I think of myself, I think of sweet. - Aja's making something really sweet, because she's sweet? - Like sweets, like come get your sugar rush type. Like, I want my soup to be a candy soup. - A candy flavored soup? It's not interesting, and doesn't really brand you at all. That's like, crazy. - Work for your sister, please. (sewing machine whirring) Oh mother (bleep)! Here we go. Girl! - Shangela, what'd you do? (queens laughing) Can I help you? - I don't know what I did, but I didn't do right. - Oh, that is wrong. (Shangela laughs) This is an opportunity for me to at least, in a small way, thank her for saving me last week. This is what you're gonna do. Put this on your body. 'Cause if this fits, this could be really cute. - Mama, it ain't gonna fit over my body, though. It doesn't stretch. Go lower, go lower. - It doesn't stretch? - I didn't know the fabric doesn't stretch! - Oh bitch. (Shangela laughs) - Did it fit? - No, bitch! - No. (Shangela laughs) - Happy New Year, everybody. - It's Elimination Day. We're going to present our looks and our soup cans to the judges, and one of us is gonna get canned. Soup can? - [RuPaul] Trixie Mattel. - [Trixie] Open wide, and get a taste of my non-refillable, prescription only, habit-forming, heart-slowing goodness. Just like my soup, I'm inspired by rainbows, little birdies, and the re-emerging dark recesses of a rocky childhood. (RuPaul laughs) Side effects include drowsiness, nausea, depression, suicidal thoughts, or a broken DVR. - Looks like "Children of the Corn" chowder. (judges laughing) Trixie Mattel. A whore by any other name is still a whore. (judges laugh) - [Trixie] O-M-G, girl. Last night I dreamed I was in the front row of Tiffani Amber Thiessen's fashion show, seated between Karen from finance and John Wayne, who's looking better than ever. Then I raced to dinner with Soleil Moon Frye, Betsy Johnson, and Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and all they could talk about was rhinestoning their lady parts. Wow, I love life. - [Michelle] Ru, who needs a horse toe when you can have a camel? (RuPaul laughs) - Up next, Trixie Mattel! - Hi, guys. - All I can say is R-I-P to this challenge, 'cause you murdered it. (Trixie sighs) - The can came out, and you could've been backstage and I would've known that was your can. - This is definitely giving me disco Barbie. I mean, the whole look is so great. - It tells me a story of a country girl who decided I have to fit in at Studio 54, and the best part about it is you made it! - I did. - You know what your body shape is. The arms, the legs, the width. Even the camel toe. It's all good. - There's not enough money in the world for me to put tape on my dick. - You have a dick? (judges laughing) - I think it's in the back somewhere. - I don't know if you got the invite late, or what, but you RSVP-ed, and you showed up today. - The Trixie that I wanted has finally arrived. Yep, yep, yep. - Yes! (RuPaul laughs) - I tell you what, after Adam Lambert last week I always try to smile at Ross the whole time. - It felt like you were over me being there. - Were you bothered when Adam said that you were standoffish? - Well, only 'cause people have told me before that my tone is just so dry that they thought I was angry. - Sometimes Trixalicious, you don't mean to give that off, but it's unintentional. - Well, oh girl, because perception is reality. I might accidentally sometimes come off as standoffish. I mean, Trixie on stage is fun and bubbly, but me in real life, a lot of the times I'm just like a boring white dude who doesn't like hugs. So I get how that can read. It's something I always have wanted to change about myself. Our whole industry is interpersonal communications. If you're not friendly enough, someone thinks you're a jerk. Remember that thing in West Hollywood, Morgan? I got tweets from other "Drag Race" girls saying that I was acting grand. I'm not super social, so a lot of times I'm just saving it for the audience. - [RuPaul] Trixie Mattel. - [Michelle] She clearly likes to be reamed. (judges laugh) ♪ Sex-sex, sex-sexy drag queen ♪ - Welcome, All Stars. Let's begin with a sneak peek of your movie, which has already been banned in 47 countries. (all laughing) - [Announcer] Glamazon Studios presents the most important film of all time. (phone ringing) - I know you're busy, so I'll keep this quick. I'm getting the old gang together, and I want you guys to be my maids. - Oh, hell no! I'm a rocket scientist now. - My bridesmaids, I'm getting married! - [Announcer] Coming this summer, all your favorite award-winning actresses come together in "My Best Squirrelfriend's Dragsmaids Wedding Trip." Trixie Mattel is Sharon Frockavich. - Yeah, that's all you got, ladies. Two big feet and ugly (bleep) shoes! - Here comes the bride. - Poisoning the wig water supply? Big mistake. Huge. (whistle trills) - Ladies, don't move! You are all under arrest. Now put your legs behind your head. - Woo! (all laughing) - You're a dirty cop, and I'm a whistleblower. - Okay honey, launch that rocket. - [Announcer] And when these divas let loose, who knows what drama will happen? - How dare you invite another dancer here? I deserve to be maid of honor. Give me that trophy! - He's dead! - You killed him! - Why does this always happen to me? - [Announcer] But when the church organist cancels. - You gotta be (bleep) kidding me! - [Announcer] Will they make it down the aisle? - This is some "How to Get Away with Murder" (bleep). - I made you a pie. - Quack, quack, quack! - If you stay ready, you ain't got to get ready. - Pow! - Girl, you don't need an organist. You've got us. - We ate Octavia's pie. - Hit it! (queens farting) (judges laughing) - You guys really are the best squirrelfriends. - [Announcer] So if you love the poop scene in "Bridesmaids" but also love highbrow award-winning actresses, then you'll love "My Best Squirrelfriend's Dragsmaids Wedding Trip." Rated PU. - Up next, Trixie Mattel. - What's your favorite book, just off the top of your head? - Oh my god. (all laughing) - This outfit is everything. - And then in the acting challenge, you were so much fun. Because every take, you tried something new. - And that moment when you used the baby's hand to wipe your hair, I died. - You are now pushing yourself out of the Trixie Mattel box, so to speak, and you're making yourself do things that maybe wouldn't be in your comfort zone. But I think you taking those risks is paying off in spades. - Thank you, I think so too. Hi, guys! - Boo. - I'm walking in to the deliberation with the jury, and I'm very confident. I know you thought that this would throne me. (queens laugh) - Trix, how do you feel right now? - I feel good, I feel great, I feel wonderful, I really do. You guys know the first half of the season, I was pretty like, ugh. But then I just got it, it was like oh my god. - How does it change so quickly for you? - When I fell in the bottom for the first time? I sort of emotionally experienced the worst thing that could have happened. So then I was like, well in the next challenge I'm just gonna do whatever I want, and then it worked. Having that break in the middle of the competition where it just all got really bad, it just made me shrug off every piece of anxiety. It's okay to get butterflies in your stomach. You just teach them to fly in perfect formation. - So, out of the top four, is there anybody that you would be really proud to lip sync against that we should choose? - I think Shangela is and was, and will always be an All Star even before she got here. Because she didn't even have a very long run on "Drag Race," and she did the most with it. That's fierce. - Now I have a way more devilish question. - Oh god. - If there was a queen in the top four who you would chop off to make it a top three, who would it be? - I'm kind of torn between Kennedy and BeBe for different reasons. I think many of us have shown so much growth in being off "Drag Race" for a year, five years, two years. BeBe's been off "Drag Race" like 10 years, and I don't think the growth is like, 10 years of growth. And then, like Kennedy's outfit today, for example, on season seven Kennedy's finale runway was like a rainbow dress. That was like light years nicer than the one she wore today. Sometimes I think she just doesn't have full perspective of even her own gifts. - Your brand is very, like, stamped. How can you broaden that with this title? - Ever since season seven, I have done what RuPaul calls stepping your pussy up. I went on tour as a comedian, topped the iTunes charts in folk music in drag, and then I went on to even star in and develop my own television show, and I felt like an All Star before I got here. - Oh, we love you bitch. - Baby, aww! - Thank you guys. (tense music) - Welcome, ladies. Madam Forewoman, has the jury chosen the final two All Stars to lip sync for their legacy? - Yes, Ru. (suspenseful music) - Morgan? You may tell the queens who you, and the jury, have chosen to lip sync for their legacy. (dramatic music) - Well, we tallied up the votes, and the top two All Stars are Kennedy Davenport. (intense music) And Trixie Mattel. - Kennedy, Trixie, the top two All Stars of the season stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me, win $100,000, a crown and scepter from Fierce Drag Jewels, and earn your place in the Drag Race Hall of Fame. The time has come (thunder booms) to lip sync for your legacy! Good luck, and don't (bleep) it up. ♪ We clawed, we chained our hearts in vain ♪ ♪ We jumped, never asking why ♪ ♪ We kissed, I fell under your spell ♪ ♪ A love no one could deny ♪ ♪ Don't you ever say ♪ ♪ I just walked away ♪ ♪ I will always want you ♪ ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ I never ♪ - I wanna be the top All Star because nobody in the history of "Drag Race" has spun straw into gold from this experience like I have. I've proven that you can have a bad day, and then go on to have so many good days. Me getting to lip sync for my legacy, it feels like a victory lap. ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ I never hit so hard in love ♪ ♪ All I wanted was to break you up ♪ ♪ All you ever did was ♪ ♪ Wreck me ♪ ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ Yeah I just closed my eyes and swung ♪ ♪ Left me crashing in a blazing fall ♪ ♪ All you ever did was ♪ ♪ Wreck me ♪ ♪ Yeah you ♪ ♪ You wreck me ♪ ♪ Yeah you, you wreck me ♪ (all applauding) - Ladies, I have made my decision. The queen who has earned her spot in the Drag Race Hall of Fame, the champion of "All Stars Three" is (tense music) Trixie Mattel! ♪ You're a champion ♪ - [RuPaul] You're a winner, baby. ♪ You're a champion ♪ ♪ Never gonna fall ♪ ♪ You're a champion ♪ - I just won "RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars!" - My queen. Is there anything you'd like to say? - I know you guys are looking for somebody who can carry a legacy as an All Star. I feel like I've been carrying that legacy since I left the first time, so this means a lot. Thank you very much. - Now prance, my queen! Prance! ♪ Charisma ♪ - I remember being the weird new queen in Milwaukee that nobody even wanted to give a gig to, and now I'm standing here at the very top of drag excellence and I'm so, so proud. ♪ Rhythm within you ♪ ♪ Let your body tell the truth ♪ ​​derrick berry the queen who mopped christmas well hey y'all i'm giving you christmas in vegas i'm representing show girls i'm serving body but i'm also giving comedy ho ho ho oh she's trimming her book is that mistletoe or camel toe i respect that she's putting the x back in x-men yes she is oh she's doing it again now tonight is like a rupaul family christmas special and it wouldn't be christmas without our very own santa claus [Music] the funniest man on earth bruce valance hi bruce aru we are so glad you're here it's tough for a jewish boy to do this i know i know but in this economy you take it where you can exactly i'm upsizing [Laughter] santino hey rue hello my dear shall we dance let's and the return of michelle vassage my co-host for over a hundred episodes of the rupaul talk show couldn't keep us apart and microwease yes we've just got to stop meeting like this i know chrissy kissnez and i saved the best for last the lovely and talented vanessa williams is here darling oh you look phenomenal thank you so much look i see you glittering over there too thank you got some gifts for santa oh yes thank you this week our queens are challenged to make their best holiday drag looks using thrift store hand-me-downs and christmas decorations gentlemen start your engines and may the best woman win carmen carrera hey hey look at the size of that box my lips are done my hair is done i'm feeling hot right now the spotlight is on me you can see my cheeks from across the street is that mistletoe or camel toe look at that body i know manila luzon look at the size of that mop both hands fit i am living on the runway i'm having so much fun the snow is coming and i'm just strutting my stuff a desperate housewife of the north pole oh okay she's giving us janice dickinson [Music] it's jarrah sofia and she's had her nose fixed what a fabulous set of antlers i was so nervous but i felt great i did a good job and i gave them a surprise hey incredible i love it oh who do we have here that's phoenix ahoy i think it was definitely the best christmas couture that i could give i think my fierce i think i could win oh holy night that skirt is short i can see her figgy pudding stacy lane matthews representing back swamp north carolina i think it's time for a plus size queen the skinny girls try to take over so i think it's time for us big girls to step up now that's the jingle bell rock oh it's venus delight merry christmas i'm just really trying to be fun and sassy a little flirty i'm being me oh lick it oh that looks delicious somebody's gonna get caned india farah okay now look at those two treats santa would you like some milk to go with those cookies i'm looking good -my hair is done makeup right and i'm just walking down the runway knowing that i look sickening ooh the fahrenheit is getting higher dealt to work and she is giving us a kwanzaa celebration as soon as i hit the runway i am just i'm so excited it's exhilarating it's what i've been waiting for and i'm feeling really good giving kwanzaa realness erica badou leontyne price from puerto rico [Music] i'm feeling fabulous the lights the music adrenaline coming through i'm just feeling in the tub of the world oh oh yes it's okay el barber zono muddling school though i love the snowflake earrings next mimi i'm first oh little baby jesus oh it's just yes it's the madonna yes it's the mothers oh wait a minute that's that's actually a ham in her arms i hit the runway and i just decided my mind that i'm going to deliver this dress and deliver the character i want to see baby jesus i know is he asleep right now he's cooking at 3 50. hot lanta's own mariah in christmas gray oh she's giving a little wilhelmina slater i'd say yes she is i'm not polished as well as i know i can be but i'm not gonna let the judges see that i'm never gonna let them see me sweat silver bells couture christmas carl lagerfeld eat your heart out up next is raja oh no stranger to the runway look at the detail on that skirt vivian westwood what once i get out there i feel awesome that's my thing i am a runway girl i am a photography girl i'm a model i just can't take my eyes off of it gorgeous yes no angels was it snow angels or a fit shangela laquifa watley oh she's gained weight and she's oh there she is she made a snowman she's a little frosty oh and she's got her piece of corn there all right it's become a tradition here oh and her skirt her skirts light up why is she keeping the batteries i am feeling so confident i love my outfit and all i can think is shangela work -you know what i say never work with animals children or snowmen kennedy davenport and katya in chacha hills come here don santa brought presents jesus i'm coming please don let's not fight it's christmas i ain't gonna be singing no christmas carols where's your christmas spirit done i better be getting cha-cha heels what the hell are these shoes but they don't look like cha-cha hairs i told you what i wanted and you got these good girls don't wish i died but i don't care what the good girls wear it really don't matter to me get off me you ugly witch i want my christmas delivery all i ever wanted all i ever wanted all i ever wanted was my cha-cha i said i wanted it all i said i wanted all i said i wanted was my cha-cha hills but it's christmas please dawn but it's christmas tree this ceo means business i am ready to party and ready to share my goods with all the employees everyone's lining up for this pink slip she should try a shoulder pad next time the 80s looked like a really good time they were next is rita bagga it's the end of the fiscal year realness she has perfect hunty hunty vision she has bill to pay so let's strut the runway and get the -out [Music] may she rest when life gives you lemons throw shade and now priyanka she is brenda from ajax ontario and she runs the building this -still believes in santa claus i'd like to deck her halls she's already been decked kiddo deep breaths keep it in i can smell that outfit from here i don't know it's a little ornamental for me and finally scarlett bobo walk in the club gift first bam i am working the runway i've had way too many cocktails with this stupid party and i was about to give everybody their bonuses but instead i decided to burn all the money i love being rich do you have some sort of business woman special hey sis it's christmas you could cross me off for your wish list call santa claus and the misses we gon have the best christmas that ever existed hey says it's christmas come on over -you can't miss this don't need gifts i can't i get a witness we gonna have the best christmas that ever existed boom bike christmas white reindeers pulling that sleigh tonight done that apparel soap gay that's right all of cena's elves be giving me life bang the bells to the dawn i'm gonna strut it out french go home if you think i'm gonna cut it out don't forget passing us around blouses [Music] it's christmas you could cross me off of your wish list call santa claus and the misses we gonna have the best it's christmas come on over -you can't miss this don't need gifts i can't i get a witness we gonna have the best is non-denominational christmas elections first up eureka wow how many elves are under that dress no that's your igloo tonight my runway look is representing the 1996 holiday barbie it's an homage to my grandmother she celebrated the fact that i was gay as hell and should have been playing with a barbie so i am doing this runway for you granny i'm gonna be the barbie that ate all the barbies in the factory oh she's going to the north pole now up next so neat yes that gingerbread looks good ginger snap oh he's jeremy scott gingerbread woman pinstripes everywhere rhinestone gumdrop buttons it's time [Music] on the runway baby it is my red and gold eleganza looking like new money my hair is quite so elegantly mug stamped to the god honey it's a christmas special you can't tell me i ain't sexy -that is the real nutcracker right there trixie mattel oh that's the sugarplum fairy here she is you know she is a top a tree topper okay i love christmas i hate red and green but i love whites and i want to give the most gorgeous glistening snow angel and i incorporated a scepter into my look to remind people when she sees a christmas tree she just like sit on it [Music] mayhem miller oh merry christmas i always get a little horny around christmas i am walking down the runway giving you christmas with an edge dark mysterious hairy horned and hooved i am krumpus mae and i'm here to slay she went shopping on black friday why i gotta be black friday though jasmine masters of the universe whose child is the golden child take a bow [Music] go that way the reindeers are waiting yes honey you better work that north pole girl her stalking got stuff she's the ghost of christmas presents the concept of my runway look is gifts under the tree so my wig looks like a christmas tree my entire body is covered in gift boxes and i'm living in the present you know i've always said that kimchi is gifted truly gifted angela's that's right my runway look is inspired by my season three all-time favorite diva from episode one miss frostula i remember how ragged it the initial fosula was and now she's all grown up and ready to melt her way down the runway honey maybe it is cold outside plus there's been some magic in that old black hat she found now don't licker your tunnel stick if you can't love your elf how the hell are you going to love somebody else can i get an a-man up in here all right now let the christmas music [Music] play [Music] i think we've learned the true meaning of christmas love sharing and a whole lot of movies happy holidays to all and to all good. tonight they're ready to make us gag decked out in their very best drag gentlemen start your engines and may the best woman win jarrah sophia it looks like she's going back to her roots i love the dark wicked -look i feel so powerful very golde it is gaga gautier shangela oh and the reveal what i picked out this beautiful cream-colored structure gown design couture first time you see a black woman whose hair can provide shelter from the rain can you save me a slice of that hair pie they call this queen mariah her legs are amazing gorgeous legs i am a wild animal on the runway i stalk my prey i hunt and i pounce let me just say as a black woman i have a very flat ass and now i know where it all went it all went to mariah she took it all raja two tribes go to war that's right shaka zulu honey the look i've chosen is quite global just kind of national geographic drag apocalypto amazon gal she served you up on the serengeti girl the natives are restless alexis matteo quinceanera this by the way is one of the real housewives of puerto rico i am wearing a creation from one of my friends and i just feel like a princess it makes me hungry for some shivers carmen carrera she's at the cabana by the pool serving glamor i'm feeling like a super model on the runway right now my head held high and just kind of like letting the chiffon blow behind me look at that chassis and look at the undercarriage she's one fierce mother tucker stacy lane matthews formerly stacy lane bryant but she got married this gold coat is my signature piece i'm feeling very confident in what i'm wearing stacy matthews has arrived the space is just popping see now monique should award this to the oscars delta work gotta love a pant suit and martin margaret after the buffet yes on the runway i'm feeling confident today i feel great i love my outfit the red hair is so gorgeous on her delta you better very twiggy that must be the filipino flag i'm giving panay fish in this really really really cute filipino flag dress filipino couture from the house of imelda chad michaels wow that's donatella michaels verse sassy my look is versace inspired but it's also a little bit of jane fonda barbarella it's a power costume who knew she was a bondage queen ah strap it on baby superhero sharon needles ah oh yeah i'm hungry for some calamari sharon scissorhands you're squidding me michelle i squeeze you not girl i'm giving them straight up share needles fierceness fashion forward to the dark side i think she's opening a can of worms if you ask me touch all of this octopussy honey [Laughter] fifi o'hara oh leopard on the runway flintstones 2012. yabba dabba doomy i wanted to give that wilma flintstone realness i'm feeling sexy and i'm showing body and i'm just having a great time she's the side piece fred was knocking boots with fifi flintstones she's going to make your bedrock [Music] commence shake down first up lenacio sparks gorgeous look at those legs i'm looking latina i feel caribena totally flawless i wore that at the beach last week i'll meet you at the cabana yeah honey mahogany caftan realness i'm feeling pretty fierce this look is gonna slay the judges now juliet is she wearing a cape fear ah hello ivy winters wow oh now that's what i call stilettos being a circus queen i decided to pull out my stilts and i did a butterfly goddess look does anybody have a really big butterfly net vivienne she's got her own stilts check him out yes -that walk honey i'm wearing a sick gold dress low-cut very short looks fierce little grecian goddess oh mighty isis i think she's choking her dog i have my clutch in my left hand and my baby chinchilla in my right and i'm serving rodeo drive fishness she walks like a dressage horse [Laughter] serena cha-cha representing panama that's it you can't even fit that through the panama canal walking around in this carnival costume from the republic of panama is a dream come true hands-off dance off yeah j jolie it's the missing ringling sister screw the rainbows give me leather i am serving up a real lion tame and realness -send in the clowns our little jade is all grown up roxy andrews if cher had breast fed this is what she'd look like i like to have the fringe going down my boobicals and on my booty and want to try and win two times in a row jinx monsoon hollywood glamour meets space i am serving up hollywood 3012. space agey and beautiful very third rock from the sun yes mom i got beverly hills oh yeah can you pay my telephone bills my money maker is my faith i know for a fact that i'm beautiful that is a nice ass and it's not padded natural-born thriller alaska the 49th state i'm trying to give sass and fleur and be cute and sell this garment sweetie party girl on her way home oops i left my phone inside kokomo trees this is patty labelle meets ziggy stardust yes i love fetish so i thought i'd give santino a little bit something to dream about tonight while he's at home you better ask somebody damn girl oh snow white and the hunty men tonight i am wearing an over-the-top gown i'm feeling really sickening how many black -had to die for that outfit -that wow first up bianca del rio hollywood that's the collar honey she's got bling around the collar my best drag is old hollywood and i'm feeling like a -who just buried her third husband black widow she mates she kills and then she wears it australia's own caught in the act aussie pride it's flag day it's vegemite sexy i feel like an australian version of the statue of liberty i'm walking down the runway doing my country proud look at that great barrier reef fox on the run that looks like one of linda's outfits from rollerboogie yes i think it is i am serving up disco party girl realness they have never been so confident in my entire life la may shantae la mela mayla may trinity k bonnet from atlanta ga i think i've got an orange crush my outfit of choice is a beautiful expensive gown tangerine dream yes lady mama lady milk wow she's got a real nose for fashion i'm a real queen liar liar liar i'm coming at you with a long pinocchio nose long legs i'm just a crazy looking supermodel pinocchio and her daddy your pet hoe darian lake oh [Music] nothing says queen like a cape that's right there's one thing that i know it's best drag lots of hair lots of lashes lots of sparkle super queen i believe she could fly april carry on april just got me all wet i am serving singing in the rain realness i'm living for this outfit the forecast is gorgeous make it rain girl make it rain laganja astranja serving a young maggie smith i'm fascinated by your hat girl i am serving madame butterfly tonight i feel like a peach ice cream cone yes honey this is the butterfly effect okay she'll never get that dress back into the cocoon ninja princess groove is in the heart that's right i'm serving power ranger meets ninjas and i'm feeling my headpiece because i know she's real different i look expensive oh that's right see i know she's from chicago with those moves and all that ass yes adore delano merwench redwig at night sailor's delight i'm really feeling good about this runway i'm just strutting it like a beautiful mermaid star raggedy anne sure grew up to be a -pendulum well hello kitty i'm really just giving fun a little bit of pin up a little bit goofy just show them there's little sex getting in me no honestly do you think that beau constricts her the playboy club that's why the dogs chase the cat buh-buh-bye vacious oh one of the strangest things i've ever seen in my life but wait a minute didn't you date rick james this is one of five hs's iconic pieces i am serving vivacious down very game of cones first up kennedy davenport oh taste the rainbow yes i have on my pride dress fully rhinestoned with my matching rainbow shoes i am just head to toe pride the rainbow leads right to her pot of gold yeah her ass up next violet tchotchke man she feels like a woman ah come to us the cavallae philip coleman bienvenue i'm giving you victor victoria marlena dietrich classic burlesque influences i'm feeling very razzle dazzle and like a fierce -she's a tchotchke with some fringe on top ginger mange ginger has fringe on her minge this reminds me i've got to take my car to the car wash yes yes i am making sure these judges see every rhinestone every piece of fringe every single inch of this big bold and beautiful -you know what they say the bigger the hair the juicier the ass she is mopping up the floor with this look yes pearl well flossy duh new from the d snyder intimates collection my runway look is a huge representation of what my drag is about it's vintage and it's over the top and it's sexy what color is that carson mother pearl i think it first is the drag queen not to be confused with bob the barista no foam this is it this is the final runway so i wanted to wear a tuxedo and do a feminine version of it so i'm wearing this crazy sequined jacket this is quintessential bob the drag queen tell me about it stud rizzo's pg pass it on up next chichi the vein miss devayne if you're nasty uh-huh serving opulence she owns everything i'm going full-on pageant i have big buns in my head to me it just screams best drag i'm trying to show the judges that i've gotten over all of these obstacles that i have gone through and i am worthy of this oh which way are you going oh that way apparently she goes both ways no if you like it then you should have put a bun on it okay are you ready for kimchi i'm hungry magnificent maleficent that's a cock-a-doodle-doo i'm wearing a fetal corset covered in goose and pheasant feathers and i'm feeling like a dark evil princess who came here to destroy my competition she's working that walk michelle all it took to the finale well kimchi gets better with a little time it does it's actually usually the next day it tastes a lot better the raven edgar allan hoes are you ready for naomi smalls ooh dark lady but notorious twiggy small oh yeah well she's also serving a little kendall jenner she is yeah i am showing the judges that i'm not relying on sequins and rhinestones to judge up my outfit this is naomi small's glamour to a t i refuse to blend in i want to be the star the beat goes on and so do those legs and thanks for sharing yes gypsy's tramps and weaves first up peppermint well i declare the first lady of drag i am giving you ultimate 18th century luxuriousness i look gorgeous hell we can cancel the whole thing and just give me the crown right now this god is my witness i will never walk this runway again sasha velour crown never felt this good yeah well i think she's blooming gorgeous yes this is my pretty in pink but it has a distinct valorian twist there is a crown leather gloves i'm angry and ferocious and beautiful and everything at once that defines me i own 51 of this kingdom now i'm going to wash the dishes leave me alone bustier you slay my look is balman meets bob mackey meets beyonce is something that you would see at madison square garden and i don't doubt that your girl can make it there it's like beyonce and a smurf had a baby it's marfan say now i love this look but and it's a big butt trinity taylor oh i hate when i fall asleep on the bus going through this competition i've claimed to be a pageant girl and yet to give a sickening pageant gown so i am giving them every ounce of trinity taylor glamour puss as i can oh and she's back on the chain gang back change that way first up bibi zahara binet camaroo cat got your head [Laughter] yes i am going all the way to the motherland savage beauty couture bb can you hear us i think she's a deaf leopard kennedy davenport rainbow she better do wearing a rainbow dress just says total liberation for me that's what this show is all about it's pride it's freedom and it just comes full circle for me taste the rainbow yes the reading rainbow up next shangela oh work miss she's serving hot pockets i'm floating baby you can't even see my feet i feel like cinderella at the ball and i'm gonna be here well past midnight marilyn monroe whoa up next trixie mattel [Music] this reminds me of take my dog to the groomer this is like 25th anniversary christmas edition trixie still in box mint condition the silhouette and the textures are undeniably classic oh slay west why don't you come up and groom me sometimes [Music] first up asia o'hara ruffles have ridges but you can't have just one i'd like to try yuwa hamasaki pika blue dusty ray bottoms like beetlejuice but sexy monique heart oh they say that eyes are the nipples of the face calorie kardashian williams ask your doctor what the donkey donks can do for you eureka speed racer chub chaser aquaria if you like it you should put a couple rings through it the vixen yay honey she is flaming this cracker it's hip to be square mayhem miller that's where all the christmas wrapping went [Laughter] blaise and claire why don't you come up and beat me sometime cameron michaels so nice to see that she's come out of her cocoon what did you just call me [Laughter] monet exchange dorothy forget the slippers this is much better so she clicks her thighs together twice will she get to make a wish up brooklyn heights she definitely keeps us on our toes oh plies it's a final runway and i am paying tribute to all of my years as a ballerina it really truly represents where i've come from and a part of my life that i'm very proud of classical brooklyn we got a spinner presenting her nutcracker dr reverend silky not make ganache evening wear by oshkosh ganache i am wearing a nude illusion gown with swirls of shades of pink i'm showing all of my body and i'm embracing every moment of it i have my boobs pushed up my waist tucked in and my ass pushed out i know her middle name is nutmeg but i can see her cumin and go in a kiss on the hand may be quite continental but corsets are a girl's best friend pangey what's the green tea now i know for curtain that that's a gown well she saw it in the window and had to have it she did so tonight i'm giving you vivian lee gone with the wind latina style big ass green ball gown and i'm looking rich like a good old hundred thousand dollars cut the check cause i look good you know miss vanjie brocade the internet she's gone with the wig the oddly eye the eyes have it oh i see what you did there yeah my eyes are up here eb is an oddball so everything is in threes three eyes three fingers three boobs i wanna show all of the snatched beauty that the judges really want but also stay authentic and true to evie she's a triple threat and i want my diamonds back miss chernobyl 2019. curiously davenport oh hey glitter tits i mean clearly she's stoned [Laughter] i want to give them the extravagance that is a carrier this is a gown that i have put my heart soul and blood into me and my lover actually created it from scratch the detail work was done by myself this is exactly who akira is i feel absolutely breathtaking now i just need my crown why chase waterfalls when you can wear them yeah well it's a wonderful fringe benefit it sure is it is. - Ladies, I've made my decision. Sahara Davenport, Shantay you stay. - Yes! (group clapping) - Congratulations, girl. (indistinct) I love you. - It's a bittersweet moment. I'm happy that I survived, but of course, I'm sad. You know, I sent my friend home. - Shangela, you have only just begun, but I have a feeling we haven't seen the last of you yet. Good luck, my dear. Now sashay away. - Thank you all. (group clapping) It was disappointing. If I was to lose to anyone in this group, I'm glad it was my sister Sahara. That was a great experience. And now it's time for me to pack these wigs and go home. - [RuPaul] Now, if good things come in small packages, then this is gonna be re-donk-ulous. - Halleloo, ladies! - Oh my god! (group screams and laughs) - And it's Shangela. Halleloo. - Halleloo, halleloo! Merry Christmas, happy holidays, bitches. (laughter) Everybody's face. Gagged. - What the (beep)? Who invited this girl again? She already got her moment of glory. She got eliminated. - [RuPaul] Now, for the first time in "Drag Race" history, I'm giving one of my girls a second chance. Shangela will be joining you in this competition. - Oh! - All right. - Sickening. - Robbie Turner, shantay you stay. - Thank you. Thank you. - Cynthia Lee Fontaine, Puerto Rico, Austin, Santee Alley, and now the world. Keep spreading your cucu. Now, sashay away. - I love you. Thank you. Thank you. (group clapping) Thank you. Love you all. See you soon, mis amores! I feel sad, but at the same time, I don't have any regrets. I would like to encourage everybody. Don't stop believing, even if you are the only one that believes in yourself. (speaking Spanish) This is Cynthia Lee Fontaine, #MisAmoresCucu. - Oh, wait a minute, wait a minute! Stop the music please! Ladies and gentlemen, I have to apologize. This is not a Steve Harvey moment. Nina, you are still our winner. You are still our winner, honey. But the real competition is just about to begin. I'm introducing a 14th queen into the race. - What? What? - Who? (beep) Ugh! - Breathe. - Please welcome back to the race (gasps) the 14th contestant in the ninth season of "RuPaul's Drag Race". (gasps) (happy screams) - Oh, bitch. - Ru, are you pranking us? - Oh my god. - No (bleep) way. What? (gasps) - How are you doing mis amores? Are you ready to see my cucu? (speaking Spanish) (laughter) - I'm back mis amores! Welcome back, Cynthia Lee Fontaine. - Hashtag justice for cucu! - Guide me, Jesus. (upbeat music) - Okay. Ladies. I need a moment. (suspenseful music) Would you please excuse me? - Ru walks off the set, what's going on? - I am just so confused. - I'm nervous. Like what's going down? - Thank you for waiting ladies. I have made my decision. Eureka. Would you please step forward? We've been in touch with the doctor. You need time to heal and in good conscience, I cannot allow you to continue in the competition. - No. No. - Please know that you are loved here and that you have an open invitation to return next season. But for now, I'm so sad to say, sashay away. - Thank you guys so much, and I will be back. I love you guys (crying) I love you guys so much. Thank you all so much, I love you - Te amo (group clapping) - I love you. - I'm starting to crutch off and I hear the whole crew behind me, just applauding. (group clapping) Well, you found it once and you'll find it again. (laughter) - Yes, bitch. - I just feel sad, but I understand that doctor's orders. All I can do is move forward, you know? The love that I've been given during this entire situation, I finally feel like I'm a part of something that's bigger than me. You know? And I don't know how the hell that's possible cause y'all know mama is big as hell. I have an open invitation for season 10, so y'all watch out. (techno music) - Oh, like a Phoenix from the ashes, Eureka is back. I'm Eureka, and I am so so ahhh excited I am so excited to be back for real. I was like, I'm gonna die. Oh God, oh missed you, work room. I was originally on season nine and I injured myself, so I had to go have immediate surgery. Thank you all so much, I love you. I didn't get to really bring my all. So now I got something to prove and I'm here to (bleep) slay. Let me practice. - [Rupaul] Hi girl. How are you? - Oh my God. Your makeup looks amazing. Yeah, I'm lying. - Kalorie, shantay, you stay. (cries) You may join the other girls. - Vanessa Vanjie Mateo, you've done your house proud. And I have just one thing to say, bam. (crying) Now sashay away. (group clapping) - Ms. Vanjie. Ms. Vanjie. Ms. Vanjie. - Bye girl. - Work sister. (crowd cheering) - Work the runway. - [Ms. Vanjie] To home first is the worst. I wish I could have been here longer. (crying) I feel like I've let Alexis down. I hope I didn't disappoint her. Ms. Vanjie Ms. Vanjie, Ms. Vanjie. (rewind noise) Bitch, I'm back I'm back by popular demand. In season 10, I was the first guy out. Ms. Vanjie, Ms. Vanjie. I was humili - humiliated. I was embarrassed. I thought I was a failure and I wanted to hide. It was the worst. Ooh, bitch. But then, when the whole Ms. Vanjie thing went haywire on social media, Bitch, I made lemonade out of lemons. Ooh, let me just go ahead and do it now. Thank y'all. Appreciate ya, cut the check later, bitch haha. I feel very lucky to be back. Get those cookies, get those cookies. I want to show America that I'm more than just the meat. I'm not a one episode trick pony. I'm hiding' bitch. I'm about to hide and see what hoes walk in this door? Cause I don't want them to know I'm here just yet. - So do you guys think there's going to be any surprises this season? - Oh, absolutely, girl. - Do you think there's any way coming down? - Returning? - Yeah, returning back. - Girl, I think I know. - I have a guess, I have a guess. - Let's say it all on three One, two, three - [Group] Vangie. (laughter) - Y'all think that's funny? Calling my name out bitch. - Oh my god! I was hiding back there bitch. With my ADD ass, ready to come on out. Come on Scarlett, Hi baby - Suga - Vanjie's back. This doll deserves a second chance. I'm excited to see what she's gonna do the second time around. - I feel like I should start looking around for anyone else in here. (group chatter) - Anybody else in here? - Ahhh! Yes! you're in the entertainment capital of the world and to make it in room hollywood you've got to dive in the deep end are you ready for your closet today we're doing a photo shoot which is um inspired by gone with the wind what does she need to know is it's the height of the civil war you need to straddle the cannon work the piece of fabric and you know kind of interact with the guys they're being thrust into an environment which you know they're unfamiliar with and they didn't have any preparation for it yeah straddle that cannon hon hold on yeah hold on right here and here we go all right where's the fabric the storm comes up and they're snapping pictures and i don't know what to do watch your hair your hair is covering your face where's the camera gg i feel a little tug in the back of my wig and i think it's gonna fly off so i'm grasping onto it and then my lashes are just flapping back and forth that's all i can focus on i didn't know where the camera was at this point we got it all right how do you feel giuseppe i've never been blown like that in my life yes you got a lot of firepower between your legs girl don't nobody make a sudden move she might blow it when i saw the fan i was excited because fans make everything prettier okay and there we go oh lord jesus when they started cranking up the fan i was just like [Music] really watch your hair in your face all right we got it so neat ride that cannon yeah that hits the spot pandora's box is on fire all right jessica's a girl gone wild [Music] serving suzanne sugarbaker [Music] that's what i'm talking about [Applause] triumphant as god is my witness [Applause] those damn yankees took everything from you morgan mcmichaels had the problem of having her wig fly off and she tried to recover from it but i i find that she never really did two one okay we got it that's it we did get a good shot but um it was a struggle thank you morgan thanks morgan wow the competition's just begun and they're already flipping their wigs honey i was i need this wig went on vacation girl she flew right off as i see everybody changing the thing that stood out the most to me is kind of forget like how much it really takes to transform somebody and how amazingly different they can look from from one to the other i wonder what everyone's gonna look like out of drag i hope some of you are attractive boys like me nicole paige brooks from atlanta georgia that's right and i will never go hungry again good am i allowed to pinch your nipples oh they bounce too this one's jealous oh i think it's leaking nicole had all of the southern charm but i felt like in the photo shoot situation you know she wasn't delivering couture she was delivering you know a little catalog look off into the distance off into the horizon too far off too far off sister ahara davenport had a really great understanding of her body and how to move although she didn't have that same understanding with her face with we're gonna sit you on that cannon with these two gorgeous soldiers i like oh my god you're going to stand next to them don't teeter over it i can't cross my legs anything the skirt is so tight i like trying my hardest be perfect chin down a little bit remember the camera's down here chin down i felt like i could have did better i should have just been like more focused on the picture itself we got it got it wonderful be aware of the camera pretty pretty face pretty face think franklin mint plate [Applause] i wanted to bring the most fierceness possible chicken cutlets chicken cutlets but my boobs were falling out the top of the dress rupaul's screaming mike is screaming and through my head it's going -pull it together look at that camera and pull it together yes cover up deer oh is that a possum in the woods yes yes war is hell but you look gorgeous all right all right we got it gorgeous that is what i'm talking about [Music] hi jade hey ryu it's time for our first photo shoot i am eager to see what the challenge is and i am super nervous what do you think is going on right now um i'm not sure well turn around oh oh my gosh talk about the elephant in the room didn't see that now say hello to the amazing mike ruiz mike is here to shoot your hollywood splash photo what we're looking for is underwater serving glamour like give us fish awesome let's do it today we're doing an homage to old hollywood that's kind of a tribute to old esther williams films please know that there's no pee in the water all right hit it jay julie you're soaking in it try not to look like you're holding your breath jade would inhale a bunch of air and would hold it all in her cheeks like a chipmunk that doesn't make for a very pretty glamour shot giving you parrot fish i was giving helen keller drowning realness ooh wet wild roxy andrews hit it acrobatic graceful gorgeous face glamour oh she's rolling in the d do it on the roxy with a splash detox give us everything you got yes it's the bumblefish oh gorgeous detox fell off the wagon and into the pool serena cha-cha the time has come for you to sink for your oh dear i can see your seafood platter your paella is showing at least serena was wearing panties okay okay there's a pole huh hold on to the pole look at it it looks like frog legs [Laughter] [Music] what's that about guys oh you didn't talk i'm not touched at all so the dress is doing this the whole time showing all your bubble gum and everything you thought you were being cute today by being comfortable with your nut and tuck and they got two together i'm not a fan of girls who don't tuck look like a woman it's female impersonation at the end of the day [Music] deeper don't be so shallow alyssa your legs look like calamari when you do that okay scant on the water is that dress wash and wear [Music] careful on these wet slippery surfaces oh queen down at least i did it gracefully very jinx monsoon welcome to the drag lagoon i don't know how to swim i learned how to swim by one of my uncles pushing me off a log into a river [Music] first time under the water i lost both my contacts i was blinded within seconds okay you look a little scared underwater a more pretty face [Music] okay too much splashing uh oh you're splashing around with you okay just a little tick tangled i think we're gonna have to call it a wrap jinx there's got to be a morning after deeper penetration girl you're gonna put shelley winners out of work oh wait a minute and go nice yes yes yes poseidon adventure darling hit it serving sweaty page yes touch all of this skin the fillet of vivienne panetta ah alaska's underwater damn you global warming okay yeah your head's not going very deep and keep your hair out of your face i can't get deep enough i don't know how to do it but alaska she got really frustrated and it showed push yourself down go oh that's your face all right all right i can't do it i fail we will offer you one more dip if you want to take it i'm sorry that was terrible i can't believe that i'm in shock i did so bad i don't know how to swim oh oh get that i've completely blown up i don't know what i'm gonna do it's honey mahogany honey i sunk the kids ooh that was pretty ivy winters throwing caution to the wind fishy went wet beverly hills push your dress down when you get underwater you look like a jellyfish in the future you should hand wash your woollens oh [Applause] body language was so incredibly graceful and dancerly it was amazing sparkling asia sparkle sorry to say that satin will never be the same pokemon cheese chicken of the sea serving tuna turner relax your face yes instant cocoa just add water adore my darling hi real say hello to celebrity photographer mike ruiz hi and let me introduce the new and improved pit crew they're buff they're tough and brought to you by the gay social network scruff party now to prove you're not the biggest loser all you have to do is take a quantum leap and strike a sickening pose in the middle of this giant tv screen oh all right let's go what i'm looking for from the girls in this challenge is amazing face dancerly body moves and confidence i'm really scared that i might fly off this thing and heels are gonna go flying here and eyelashes are gonna be on my chin all right kiddo don't be nervous i'm gonna talk you off the ledge this is not like the business whenever you're ready okay ready you're gonna count it off right okay ready one two three the eyelash yeah that was a little awkward okay do pretty legs like do you know like a dancerly thing you did it again with the legs i'm sorry i'm a giraffe a door looked like her limbs were all broken but she gave really amazing face this is like an episode of queer factor ben de la creme you're on air in three two one [Music] your body was good but your face was a little extreme let's just do a pretty one now oh yeah oh yeah here's to the ladies who launched gia gun check out the size of that sack now on today's short flight we'll be serving fish queen down oh is that good well no but you can you can try it again okay i have no idea what i'm doing i know we're trying to give body and mug but i'm just so scared of snapping my neck [Music] was that better i really thought you'd be better at going down maybe fish but she ain't flying fish laganja yeah come on down yes you look just like goldie hawn and overboard oh i get that a lot if you can go a little bit higher and a little bit further out alright queen overboard yes gorgeous she's giving you a young julian howe oh yeah julian kelly mantle one two three oh it's very dorothy and the wizard of oz like when she was in the tornado i got one more chat one more try [Music] there's no place like foam april carry on [Music] [Laughter] i am loving this new fall season i can't get out it's the boogie woogie bugle queen we totally got the shot vivacious there are two things i love about you your face let's go do you have a name for the head on top of your head or nation or nation okay i believe you can fly oh no you can't ornatia was giving me face but you not so much [Music] oh boy are you okay uh-huh we got a good shot i know it's a lot to wrap your head around [Music] bianca del rio i usually don't like going first unless it's a bath house so this should be fun say hello to the dreamy mike ruiz mike is here to shoot your slumber party photo shoot you'll be posing in bed with all four members of the scruff pit crew supersized for your pleasure now you need to give us face and deliver a super sensuous pose no matter what pops up or pops in what i'm looking for is for the girls to really stand out in the photo i'm from the south so it feels like i'm with my cousin okay here we go make dirty filthy love to the camera it's hard to stay up okay i think we might need to take it up a notch don't you amp it up a little bit oh god i have an idea pillow fight oh -[Music] oh yeah ooh sexier it's difficult for someone like me to be sexy have you seen me i'm clown realness get that feather out of your mouth there yeah i hope you had your bird flu shots trinity k bonnet work it feel er up oh bru i think we need to take it up a few notches are you talking dutch oven yes pillow fight oh okay now complete to the camera training yeah workout i love doing photo shoots and drag that's gorgeous i'm a supermodel beyonce push michelle out of the way oh yes it's a slumber party massacre [Music] jocelyn fox there's a fox in the hen house oh you're giving me a little recall welch there feathers are flying everywhere pillows are coming in my face this is pure chaos oh dear [Laughter] [Music] joslin girls how was it that was a mean trick i noticed when that jocelyn skirt continued to rise all day i'm gonna need her to put some panties on or some boy shorts or something is there a bottom half to that dress girl hello i couldn't fit in my suitcase [Music] that's gorgeous beautiful oh yeah courtney act is caught in the act courtney knows how to do sexy she's a natural yes eat your heart out calling me daddy but you know what roo i think we need a little something extra poppers [Music] pillow five yes bingo [Laughter] [Music] [Applause] [Music] oh yes corny is so funny and sexy and really nailing this challenge mother may i sleep with danger magnolia crawford play to the camera you need to serve that face girl we're losing it all right you're killing me mary who's thirsty for milk lower milk stay focused hot melt yes flash that lauren hutton smile careful those feathers are collecting in your cleavage oh there's that cookie i had earlier oh wow motorboating on darien lake natia lopez welcome darling in honor of our 100th episode i've gathered the champions of rupaul's drag race bibi zahara bernay tyra sanchez raja sharon needles chad michaels jinx monsoon violet tchotchke and bianca del rio could not be here so we just hired a circus clown oh my god not really a god but close enough now for your first photo challenge we are going to take some photographs with the great matthew anderson we're going to find out if you have what it takes to stand amongst greatness got it going to the challenge we're looking for that spark of individuality and we want to see who knows how to get their cream to rise to the top faces on lock and go body face nation lopez was adorable incredible energy and she seemed quite comfortable quite quickly why she's covered in black -queens of a feather stick together acid betty we will see if you have what it takes to sit among the goddesses all right yes rupaul very intimidating sitting next to these why the astronaut queens [Music] lovely beautiful acid betty you're it's on fire chemical fire is it is that oh that's your face yes i'm surprised she didn't smack you i said daddy that one you gotta watch that one well you passed the asset test betty naomi smalls girl go big naomi smalls okay oh all of that right there yeah i think naomi's done this once or twice i have studied thousands of fashion magazines just let me pose and i'm happy she has come to model naomi smalls looks really cup she has a great ass great legs but she does have cliffhangers you see her toes like literally clinging onto the shoe boner killer show me the winner [Music] robbie turner what i am very excited to see jinx she's my seattle home girl she's our hometown hero yes mother in walks my sister robbie turner wearing the same wig even though we're sisters like who's beyonce here [Music] this sleeve happens to be in my light well you should move [Laughter] know your place -season 8 winner season 4 winner difference movie star glamour gorgeous welcome to my home thank you darling sharon did she try to come for you oh yeah she came for me hi come through kimchi hi girl oh my god well you're blocking sharon a bit oh sorry is she blocking raja no blocking raja now sorry there you go what a considerate queen loving kimchi she's like jujube on steroids she was kind of giving me anime and i was loving it yes give me an amazing next up thorgy thor here we go it's time for a queen orgy thorgy how about this oh best smile all day dorothy is like this fireball that just came in i love her energy and i think she's gonna be really really fun give me something bigger bigger something bigger bigger no you just put your arms up in the air bigger bigger oh okay grow in size looking good feeling gorgeous gigi the vein my goodness it's garbage you have no idea how many of those dresses alaska left in my house really ready to run with the big dogs ready get it trash prove to us that you're a champion i'm going to tell you something when your skirt covers up your whole legs it just leaves two little feet at the bottom it makes people want to laugh because it looks like you're this tall with little feet okay that was my hot tip carry on oh there she is there she is nice pose the house down dax exclamation point get it show me your exclamation point yeah oh got two left so make it happen take it to the dax next up is cynthia lee fontaine or as i like to call her santiali yes i'm ready to show my cuckoo and everything else go model model for me prove that you're a winner baby gorgeous you own everything next bob the drag queen look him up in the house she's trying to keep it fresh and clean yes just laughing with raja hey yeah you got two more left i just look shocked and how about we do like that black and white photo or no one she's keeping it editorial real and horrif yes thank you i saw the tights and they were ripped next up layla mcqueen ready oh okay you remind me of a dog trying to get comfortable on the couch everyone's so gorgeous and here i am looking like a beetlejuice trash bag oh my god it's intimidating for sure i can go anywhere give me where you are girl ready here we go oh that's just a shy girl leila mcqueen i could have used a little more enthusiasm from her she's like the hamburglar scouring around behind me turn those stripes girl from las vegas nevada derek barry it's brittany witch that's it make them your backup dancers yes you're gonna work this whole set aren't you you know it gotta go can i take this sure why not yeah yeah you seem stronger than yesterday derek completely used every last bit of that set and that's exactly what you do this is the last shot hit me baby one more time oh she's toxic first up kennedy davenport [Music] what story are your eyes gonna tell dreamy oh that's nice that's nice why don't you show the top teeth like but don't look like i'm gonna hurt you or anything that's beautiful hey sir i know a thing or two about old glamour i got my adidas von t's hair i'ma look good in this polaroid oh i feel like a mama right now you look like a linda evangelista one two three i'll see you at studio can you lean into it like that yeah you'll be nice lovely oh that's nice that's nice ooh i can see this hanging in the louvre is that the bathroom oh my god i didn't even know what's happening oh look at miss trixie looking all soft soft-ish i'm gonna do like a pensive rich woman okay oh my god all right much going on [Music] cameron michaels i've been chopping wood chopping wood so i'm gonna have you say tag lines that we're testing out for this body spray can you smell me coming trade very good can i take it off for the ladies sure yeah why not yeah that would be great do you want to see all the wood trade smell all this wood trade nice nice all right thank you very much hey maybe we can uh go chop some wood together sometime i believe that's doable [Laughter] i believe that's doable trade spray it all over your face just don't get any in your eye can you get a deeper voice there trade [Laughter] you like that all right bro thanks a lot what's your name randy are you randy i am randy the woodchuck all tea entrees yeah you got a little twist in your hip there can you take that out all tea all tray [Music] you're giving it a little twist at the end that's kind of like okay yeah yeah get that out of there all tea i'll try can you put one hand on between me down there down here yeah it's it's real long going together i think you could be america's next chop model what's happening man all right i'm feeling good how about you i'm doing real good what's your name i'm b.j what does that sound for well it stands for uh being a jokester here we go i'll thank y'all ready for this smelly trey nice yeah you like that yeah that's nice yeah the wife likes it too i want you to try another tagline say with a deeper voice deeper yeah deeper like hell yeah all right all right pull my finger trade told you i'm a jokester the future belongs to those who can smell it coming if you're looking for trade i'm it think butch this is manly men who love manly things smell me trade can you go any deeper is this deeper yeah smell me that's trade the trade of it all trade sprayed all over your face just don't get it in your eye yeah i want you to say it really books like really butch butch enough dude yeah no not butch enough all right trade spray it all over your face just don't get it in your mouth [Laughter] very close say it sex here trade can you smell me yeah lick your lips like l cool j all right you say all right cool trade can you smell me yeah that's it right there see i got the job or what we'll call you i i got my phone though just right scarlett envy hello rupaul welcome to my home now this is albert sanchez he shot beyonce nicole kidman and me and today it's your turn i'm so honored but don't get it twisted darling because you're calling all the shots here you have to decide how and where you post taking a photo girl i got this let's do it choose your first position oh but darling hold up something's missing or shall i say someone hey -i'm your auntie raja oh my god the raja scarlett i've invited drag race legends to pose with each of my younguns we're gonna find out if you have what it takes to stand amongst greatness are you up for the task pose the house down let's get some props in here gorgeous uh you're actually eating the olive that's really method isn't it you want one no add a girl that's why i won [Laughter] sugarcane this is good i feel like something's missing oh hey just i'm jazzy masters and i have something to say oh my god i'll pops jasmine and i just can't help but scream i live for this queen now your job is to try to out china we'll see i'm just going to pretend i'm gonna whack you because i caught you with my man girl all right listen -whip my ass if you got to and take me to dinner later olive garden -[Music] honey javen poor you know i feel like something's missing [Music] oh my god i know you i know you wow one of my drag race heroes my auntie manila luzon this is my drag niece in law how about that let's go to the back cause this looks like a wall of winners well then maybe i should stand over there alexis and crystal meet at last raj o'hara and ginger mint phone call on your earring yes please i feel like raja had some good ideas but i just want her to throw the earrings away and pose mama po [Music] vanessa vanjie mateo and pheromone what story are you telling us vanessa sue hoe's about to get caught when the police bust through i'm scared okay face the wall mary i love that vanessa is just taking charge of the situation both hands up and i'm just gonna trust her vision whether i'm actually visible or not is this some kind of a bust no just to prostitute so that's an ongoing theme with you bye see y'all later ciao why did i do the prostitution route brooklyn heights and angina i'm gonna lift you up okay one two three it's an officer and a gentle queen so neat plastic plastic so neat you better serve girl soju and pork chop that sounds delicious tae kwon do she better don't ariel versace and eureka who's the beauty who's the beast is that a real question -i will beat your mother fast nina west and raven so you're going to feed her it doesn't look like she needs these but paige's vogue magazine jelly mercedes iman diamond and delta work i would love on the couch okay we can sit on a couch the both of us together all those furs so just sit however you want delta to sit any particular way uh no excellent i'll be just make yourself at home delta mercedes is beautiful she was very opulent very glamorous but i think she was a little confused by the challenge delta would you like to drive this mercedes i think um somebody needs to be in the driver's seat [Laughter] kahanamontris and derrick berry so we're just so in love with bianca we're showing everything but good taste great oh okay alcoholism aquarius see davenport and kimura black how about i feed you a few cherries garlic i don't even like cherries because cherries has a lot of gmo in it and i don't eat gmos [Music] oh boy silky nutmeg ganache and mariah balenciaga oh silky is taking this art directing seriously oh fill her up you're my kind of queen editorial this upscale magazine ebony jet what's the story in this photograph we're just two girls getting ready to go out will you be taking the bus to the club or an uber uberx riby and latoya jackson evie oddly and adore delano i need you to be angrier with that foul all right -let's get angry i think adora and i are a pretty crazy match [Laughter] both of our drags come out of that chaos and grunge that i love what are you mad at i'm mad at the lack of olives they're not even stuffed like a chips is here hello now in the tradition of anne boleyn and mary queen of scots we're gonna do a little photo shoot a video postcard we're calling it off with your head and you'll be modeling with your severed head you've done that before haven't you yeah now the first pose is body audioti and the second pose is face face face where through the magic of green screen will create one bloody good image brit crew hand her the muzzle so what position do you have in mind oh dear oh you're getting down there sorry if you can see me tuppence yes well thank god i don't have a telephoto lens oh my tuppence is on show feed the birds all right head on over to the next area there my queen your last words shut your dog there's a draft now will people at home know what a garb is they call me a gob i'm quite gobby if you've got a big garb you're loud okay such a rich cultural exchange for me here blue here we go and let's do that first pose now we've only just arrived and you're asking us to put a collar on and get in a box oh mummy let's do your line now are you gonna have a couple without this mug oh you said that like cher who i'm cher's decapitated head -i think that's the winner right there davina darling welcome to your decapitation you know sometimes you just got to stick your neck out e is this what i look like from down here there's no more carbonara for you you're fat bastard oh that makes me hungry are you ready crystal i'm ready okay yes close your eyes and think of england darling what you would too if you could cheryl hall i'm gonna hold the hair hold the hair okay here we go nice now let's say that line guys i said i want to be fed not off with my head garthy kendall hello darling well ain't that a kick in the head any last words okay i'll give back then all the queen's hair you don't seem very enthusiastic no no a bit more yeah okay cool me i give better headers than all the queens here are we there do you have another one in ya one more one more here we go me i'll give better than all the queens here [Music] [Laughter] not that different but i'll take it rue was laughing i was having a good time i think i killed it all right up next we've got vinegar strokes is it okay if i call this doggy style i think that's appropriate uh-huh what does vinegar strokes mean you know there's that kind of special moment when you're lovemaking and you're just about to release the beast as it were and it's that face of going why don't you incorporate a little vinegar strokes face okay okay i've always been told the best is on your hands and knees thanks mom lovely looks like scaredy cat just got home from the vet now don't scratch or you'll make it worse what pose are you going to start with scaredy cat i think i'm going to be like my head out that's what i'm doing constantly myself what puppy do i think i should myself you're watching the bbc yes something wrong this is the first chance i get to really talk to rupaul and i need to make an impression oh it's milken time who's the hungry boy who's a hundred boy okay i think we got that you can put that away now this would be difficult but not impossible to pleasure yourself too well i take it you're not lactose intolerant people will be after they see that all right the vivian don't you hate it when you get things stuck to your shoe perfect got it so you're gonna look right into the camera and say your line you're only supposed to blow me bloody hair off you get michael caine yes yes can we hear it as if maggie smith says it you're only supposed to blow the bloody hair off cardi b you're only supposed to blow the bloody hair off oh cool trademark anybody else you'd like to try maybe kim woodburn kim woodburn yeah she is a cleaner off the telly she and very famous in big brother she was oh she's with the ponytail yeah with the ponytail yes she's hilarious oh lovey you're only supposed to blow the bloody hair off don't you start with me because i won't take it stop alona verley welcome to the stunningly realistic rocky mountains oh my gosh say hello to our photographer matt barney hello matt barnes hi how are you he shot everyone from orville peck ariana grande and our own brooklyn ice so you got some big shoes to fill literally i'm a size six oh it's not well let's get down to business to celebrate drag race coming to our homo and native land you will have five minutes to scale this canadian rocky mountain and plant your flag at its snowy peak oh the walk up it and heels oh sickness the queen with the coolest shot wins work okay but be careful we hear there's a cold snap moving in are you ready alona yup go oh my god i already lost a nail listen i'm used to social climbing by climbing a literal mountain and heels while holding up sleep ah oh uh get me taking this off that's really hot the abominable snow queen is stripping bye -i was trying to be like oh look sexy girl oh marilyn monroe you know i do love a built-in glory hole oh my gosh there's a big fan oh oh geez take things [Music] i will do anything for a good serve oh there you go priyanka yeah that's nice i'm up there on the mountain feeling my oats then is that called a smize come on down priyanka scarlet bobo oh my god this is gag worthy i think i've seen this porn sid vicious white christmas i just took a -load oh my god rita beggar okay our tucker's separatists hello oh the kiara fastest fierce blizzard huh pop it like it's cold honey thank you guys anastasia and knock white oh she blows it's in my throat it's in my nose [Music] i know that's what i call an okanagan trail i know me banks you see some booty yeah work that whole space dance hall queen in a blizzard scene oh my god -on arrival miss boa is she getting ready to charge she's really milking it first prize in the country fair lemon oh oh yeah oh the rocky mountains i'm trying to serve this high glamour like i'm climbing a mountain i'm beautiful but my eyelashes are like this my whole head is like this i just feel a little bit like oh i can see the lemon tarts ready for my close-up that's great i'm thinking it's just a simple photo shoot puppies i adore puppies and then blizzard hits your hat honey i'm just trying to stay fierce and find my light nice nice or naughty juice box i'm trying to be dainty and graceful and i'm trying to serve you like yeah i'm gorgeous this angel's about to take flight so i feel really good so graceful bye of course i fall are my wings still on jimbo wow a big slide welcome to the rocky mountains i don't like the cold i'm from victoria and we don't have snow and i'm terrified what is all this white stuff all around me oh this is actually quite nice i thought this is gonna be hard oh wow i love the snow oh yeah oh yeah wow.- Tonight, the category is me. Gentlemen, start your engines and may the best woman win. ♪ Now sissy that walk. ♪ First up, Joslyn Fox. Yes, Mama! - [Michelle] Serving slit. - [RuPaul] Girl, why it gotta be black? I am serving evening glam RuPaul. I'm feeling fabulous, fishy, and fierce. - [Heather] I like the little swivel she does with her arms. - [RuPaul] I think, Heather, she just passed gas. (panel members laugh) Next up, Gia Gunn. - [Santino] Bitch, stole your look. - That's my dress. (Santino laughs) - I'm serving my RuPaul gown that is very iconic and I'm eating it up. - [RuPaul] And this is the back. - [Michelle] I love a nude illusion. - [RuPaul] Dip into the waters of Darienne Lake. (meows) - [Santino] The masquerade ball. - [RuPaul] Yes, all-star. - I'm giving RuPaul my version of her runway walk as Geartha Kitt. (purrs) - Eyes wide shut. - Yes. - [Michelle] Legs wide open. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Laganja Estranja. - Uh-oh. - Ooh. Welcome to my stratosphere. - [Man] Fembots have feelings too. (panel members laugh) - I am serving season four start your engines Mama Ru and I'm feeling it, girl. I'm plummeting the runway and dropping it like it's hot. - [Heather] Such a good body. I wish her hair was fuller, that's the only thing. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Bianca Del Rio. Covergirl, looking good, feeling gorgeous. - I am serving age-appropriate Ru. I'm giving Ru realness now and I'm feeling good. - [RuPaul] She sparkles just like a Cable Ace Award. (panel members laugh) - Adore Delano. Glamazon! Superstar! - What I'm doing is Adore Delano inspired by RuPaul and I'm showing my brand new cinched waist. I look (beep) cool. - [RuPaul] She's cinched for the gods. Work that body, work that body. (panel members laugh) Trinity K Bonet. Foxy lady out of sight. Get your rebel on, girl. - I am serving up illusion of RuPaul and I look absolutely amazing. - [Santino] Birds of a feather. - [Heather] I didn't know that birds came in that color. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Work it, Mama, work! Up next, BenDeLaCreme. Wait a minute, that is my dress. (panel members laugh) - I'm giving some contemporary RuPaul. I'm working that runway. I feel great in my dress. - [RuPaul] This is like identity theft. First, she steals Michelle's identity. Now she steals mine. You'll be hearing from my lawyer. (panel members laugh) Thunder from Down Under, Courtney Act. Oh my goodness! - Oh! - [Heather] I mean, the legs are the best legs I've ever seen in my life. - Oh, wait, hold up now. Wait a minute. - Besides you, besides you. - I am possessed by the spirit of RuPaul and I can hear Ru's voice in my head saying, "Super model of the world!" - [RuPaul] I wore this outfit to VH1 Fashion Awards. - [Michelle] Yes, you did. - [RuPaul] Bob Mackie. Milk! - Oh! (upbeat music) - Hello, hello, hello! It's workroom Ru. No one has ever seen this on the runway. I am working my ascot off. - [RuPaul] Is that a Klein Epstein Parker suit? Lady looks like a dude. ♪ Now sissy that walk. ♪ - Tonight, my girls are ready to take a bow because, bitch, they're Madonna. Gentlemen, start your engines and may the best woman win. (upbeat music) ♪ The Realness ♪ Thorgy Thor. - [Carson] Crouching Tiger, Hidden Drag Queen. - [RuPaul] Nothing really matters. - [Michelle] No, sure doesn't. - As I'm walking down the runway, I'm giving you angular, interesting, artistic movements and I'm feeling it. - [Michelle] Undercover geisha. - [RuPaul] Oh, kimono she better don't. Up next, Kim Chi. Oh! - Two in a row. - I have a gorgeous vintage wedding kimono, but I wish I wasn't wearing the same thing as Thorgy. - [RuPaul] She's serving that walk, Michelle. - [Michelle] She is. - [Carson] W-O-K. - [RuPaul] Yes. (laughs) Derrick Barry. "Nothing Really Matters," the remix. - Yes. - I'm walking down in the most original kimono. It's hand-painted and I feel like this is a standout piece. - [Michelle] Is that sidewalk talk? - [RuPaul] John Paul goatee yay, yay, yay. - Naomi Smalls. - Oh, again? - [RuPaul] These guys are really hung up on kimonos. - I didn't think anybody else was going to choose kimono Madonna. I'm trying to own this, even though three other girls are in the exact same look. - [Carson] Kung Fu fighting. - [Michelle] This is like the Victoria's Secret section of Madonna. - [RuPaul] I liked that Material Girl. (panel members laugh) Acid Betty. She's keeping her baby. It may have a few holes in it, but. (panel members laugh) - My Madonna look today is from bedtime stories where she's pregnant and giving birth to doves. This outfit represents who I am because obviously I'm the only one queer-ative enough to think of it. - [Carson] I think she just flipped us the bird. - [Heather] Bye-bye Birdie. - [RuPaul] Robbie Turnter, she's in a league of her own. There's no crying in baseball. Robbie. - I feel so cute. I got my cute little dress, it's all hand painted with my little patches. - [RuPaul] I wonder if she's a pitcher or a catcher. - [Michelle] Me too. - [RuPaul] Chi Chi DeVayne. You're gonna poke somebodies eyes out with those things. - [Heather] If you're lucky. - When you think of Madonna, you think of the cone bra. Bitch, I look good. - [Carson] Oh yeah, she's totally expressing herself. I think she likes a little hanky panky. - [RuPaul] Bob, the drag queen. Oh! - Oh! - [RuPaul] Not to be confused with Bob the camp counselor. - [Michelle] I love. - My favorite Madonna look is Madonna at the GLAAD Awards and she's dressed like a boy scout, and it is a huge political statement. And I'm not in the Kimono. - [Santino] Get a load of those girl scout cookies. - [Heather] Yes! - [RuPaul] And she earned a badge for walking children in nature. - [Michelle] Yes. (laughs) - Our contestants returned to the stage wearing their very best Lady Gaga drag. - Oh. - [RuPaul] First up Peppermint. Grammy Awards, 2016. If it ain't broke-e, don't fix it. (panel members laugh) - Crowd control to Major Tom giving you Gaga, Bowie realness because the entire point of drag is to give the middle finger to rules of gender. - I have nothing to say. I'm gonna be speechless this whole time. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Wham, bam, thank you ma'am. (Lady Gaga laughs) Next up Valentina. The CFDA awards. - That was Mue Glare when Nicola Formacheti was there. - I am wearing the, she wore for the CFDA awards. I definitely see myself a bit in Lady Gaga because she carries herself with grace and glamor but I always wanna add Valentina flare to what I do. - I brought my sister as my date and we were both on the red carpet like a bunch of pissed off New Yorkers. (panel members laugh) Somethings never changed jolly. - [RuPaul] Paparazzi to love her. Next up Eureka. The Telephone video. - Yes! - [RuPaul] Guilty as charged. - I decided to do the telephone look. I just wanna give them something big and glamorous, and kind of risky couture. Got my titties on my chin, cinch, pull and tug honey. That's the dee. - [Lady Gaga] Great choice, darling. - [Michelle] I believe that was John D Kesa BoJack who made that garment? - [Lady Gaga] Oh, you say that to all the Queens. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Next up Charlie Hides, Brit Awards, 2010. That's a lace front wig I believe. - I believe it is. - Yeah. - I've chosen to wear the outfit that Lady Gaga wore for the 2010 Brit Awards. I've done Lady Gaga hundreds of times on YouTube and I think I'm pretty polished. So I'm fairly confident. - Phillip Tracey made this, former queen, and he gave it to me because I was doing a tribute to him. - [RuPaul] Don't see a drag, be a McQueen. Next step, Farrah Moan. The Alejandro video. Pray and slay. - [Michelle] Oh my God. Look at her cross. - I look exactly like Lady Gaga in my Alejandro music video look and I'm rocking my real hair. I really hope that Lady Gaga lives for it. - Attitude in the face is really good and the makeup is on point because Steven Klein and I had an argument about it. I thought it was too much makeup in the scene. - [Carson] Don't cross this queen. - [Michelle] Everybody needs a virgin to sacrifice. - [RuPaul] Can I get an amen? Next up Sasha Velour. The Applause video. - Do I have something on my face? (panel members laugh) - I'm wearing my favorite look that she has ever done. A Pierrot clown, high art, Pat McGrath makeup. It is the place where art and pop meet. - [Michelle] It's gonna be hard for this not to be one of my favorites. What do you live for Gaga? - The applause. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Painted for the Gaga. (panel members laugh) Alexis Michelle. The Golden Globes. Best actress realness. - When I saw Gaga at the golden Globes in this gown, I said, "she's wearing Alexis Michelle's body." So here I am, body, curve, swerve and trophy. - Yay! (laughs) - Donatella Versace made this for me. That is not easy to make that bo'ness that way. Wonderful job, darling and thank you for bringing my Globe with you. - [Carson] It's for Versais. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Snatching trophy. Shea Coulee. Monster Ball Tour. Pause up, baby. - My Lady Gaga look, it's ethereal, powerful yet gentle and serene, and it mixes engineering and fashion. - This reminds me of the film that Nick Knight did with the yellow, electric, urine blonde. - [Carson] Urine blonde is my screen name on Scruff. - It is. - Yes. - [Lady Gaga] It's my password on Netflix. (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Trinity Taylor. American Horror Story, Hotel. - Yes, Countess. - Yes! - This look speaks to me because I love darkness and glamor, and vampires, and Lady Gaga was so seductive and sexy, and brilliant in the show. - Trinity, a little club soda will take that right out. - They say that if you use your own spit, the enzymes break down the blood. - Good to know. - Thank you. - [RuPaul] This competition is cutthroat. Kimora Blac. Lady Gaga on the go. - [Lady Gaga] This is the Versace phase. - I'm giving a look that Gaga wears to like the airport. I think picking up what she's done for red carpets is so predictable and it's so like, "All right, done." - Those boots, they remind me of the pleasers that I used to get off of -- - Hollywood Boulevard honey. - Yup. - [Carson] No ifs, ands or buts about it. - Na-ah. - No ma'am. - [RuPaul] Jaymes Mansfield. The cover of Vogue. - [Michelle] Oh. - I am serving you Gaga on the cover of Vogue. My drag is campy and different. So I'm giving you Lady Gaga in slumber land. I look amazing and if they don't like this dress don't blame me, blame Mark Jacobs. - [RuPaul] Oh, she's a little sleepy. - [Carson] It's Marc Jacobs, she's Marc-lleptic. (panel members laugh) - She's actually not wrong either because I was so tired the day that we did that shoot that. That's probably what I look like in between shots. - [RuPaul] Cover girl, put some gel in your hair. Nina Bo'nina Brown. The VMA's 2009. - Oh my God. Yes McQueen, yes. This was one of the biggest nights in my life. - I'm serving you the black version of Lady Gaga, lotta hips, a lotta ass, and a lotta sass. I can't see how Lady Gaga is reacting because I can't see anybody. - I just love the expression in her face when she wears this outfit. - Yeah. - You can tell she's happy. - [RuPaul] Oh no, she's on the edge of whorry. Up next, Aja. Commes des Garcons. Now, where did I park my car. (panel members laugh) - For my Lady Gaga look, I'm wearing a remake of her Commes des Garcons look that she wore to show that beauty has no shape. - I wore it this because the media was saying I was fat and I knew this archive. So I called Commes des Garcons and I asked them if we could wear it. It's such an excellent choice. - [Carson] And very slimming - [Lady Gaga] It's all about the waist. - [Michelle] (speaks in a foreign language) (panel members laugh) - Tonight the category is night of a thousand Madonna's, the she-quel. Gentlemen, start your engines and be the best woman win. Category is. (upbeat music) Aja, last night she dreamt of San Pedro or Del taco if I'm not mistaken. (panel members laugh) - I'm just showing off my little ruffles. I feel like I should have came out with some cast-a-nets. (chuckles) - [RuPaul] La is La Bonipa. (panel members laugh) Alexis Michelle as Breathless Mahoney, more like breathless ma honey. (panel members laugh) - I love my shape, I love the sequin, I'm breathless. - Has anyone seen Dick? - Who? - Tracy. - Oh, my bottom hurts just thinking about it. (panel members laugh) Peppermint experience has made her a rich bitch. - [Carson] Trying to buy our votes. - This is probably my favorite Madonna video and this gorgeous woman being surrounded by all these guys. It's my dream. - [RuPaul] Talk to me, Harry Winston. (panel members laugh) Shea Coulee, material girl. - [Ross] Deja vu. - [Carson] I think she stole that look. - [RuPaul] Oh, she certainly did. - This is the second wife, the one that gets all the money and the diamonds, and the furs. You know the good, good. - [RuPaul] Drag queens really do prefer blonde. Trinity Taylor. - Ooh. Given-she better do. (Michelle laughs) - My Madonna is the only Madonna. I feel like a very strong, powerful bitch right now. - [Carson] It's a pants suit without the pants. - [RuPaul] Who needs pants when you have all this ass. Nina Bo'nina Brown, Lewis Chacone. (upbeat music) - [Michelle] I think I've met this one before. - [Ross] Who wore it better? - Hmm, we'll find out. - Right now, I'm just trying to serve a black version of Madonna, even though they just to stop it. - [RuPaul] Don't get mad, get plaid. Sasha Valore. - [Ross] Oh. - [RuPaul] Her name is Dita and she will be your mistress. - [Carson] Nice grill. - This is very much the type of Madonna look that has inspired me and my style, and I'm really excited to show that I can walk like a fashion model. - [RuPaul] Put your hands all over her body. (panel members laugh) Farrah Moan, Cleopatra. Wow. - My Madonna is probably the best one here. Every detail is on point. - [Michelle] Well, this Superbowl look is a home run. (panel members laugh) - Aren't you mixing metaphors? - You mean a touch down. (panel members laugh) - Cynthia Lee Fontaine. - Uh-oh. (Michelle screams) (panel members laugh) - Ole. - Mat-adorable. (panel members laugh) - Nobody's wearing my look. Woo (speaks in a foreign language). - [Carson] I think she lost her bull. (panel members laugh) - Valentina. - Oh. - [Carson] I hate censorship. - [Michelle] Me too. - When Madonna came up with this book, it was so controversial and showing this much of my body is controversial too. - I'll walk out the way I walked in, naked. (panel members laugh) Category is Queen Elizabeth Realness. (marching band music play) First up Crystal, welcome to tucking him palace. (panel members laugh) - I'm giving you military dominatrix. I'm gonna crush you with my colonial might. There is so much detail in this jacket. The epaulets, the metals are actual replicas. The feather in the hat, the patch, everything is thought through and I'm feeling fierce, and in control. - [Graham] I can see her Prince Albert from here. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Cheryl Hole. - [Alan] I'm getting a royal flush. - I am serving Queen Liz lays going to a royal function. It's a little understated but still classy. I put my own Cheryl spin on it and added the touch of pearls down the trim just to give it a little zhuzh up. - Move over Olivia Coleman, there's a new queen in town. - [Graham] She takes the man out of Olivia Coleman, (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Sum Ting Wong. She's really putting her stamp on this competition. - She is. - I've decided to go as the iconic first class stamp. I am walking down the runway in a cage of foam and cardboard. - I think she's being profiled. (panel members laugh) Stamp, stamp, stamp, lick me. - [Graham] And the royal wave. - [RuPaul] Blu Hydrangea. - [Michelle] Rue, she's so thin, she weighs just about a pound. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] I am serving you Queen Elizabeth money. This is a handmade dress giving you a bronze silver, and I'm gonna take the gold. - [Alan] And if that in the higher I can see tuppence. - [Michelle] You can. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] I'm taking Queen Elizabeth and I'm making her Instagram ready. The queen doesn't need to carry money but if she did, she'd be carrying me in her coin purse. - [Michelle] She must have a splitting headache. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Baga Chipz. - [Melissa] Everything's coming up roses. - I'm serving late 70's, early 80's Queen Elizabeth realness. I am loving my pink flowers. I look half queen Elizabeth, half Dolores Umbridge from harry Potter. Bow down to your queen. - Oh queeny. - Oh no. - [Graham] Filthy queen. - [RuPaul] The Vivienne. - [Michelle] Are you mucking kidding me? - I'm giving you Queen Elizabeth, walking round Balmorals and she's caught a few ducks out there as well. Of course she's wearing wellies, granny tights, a little plaid, skirt, poncho, head scarf. I am just living for this look. - [Graham] There must be a mistake. I think this is George Washington. (panel members laugh) - [Alan] You're a ducking disgrace. - [RuPaul] Vinegar Strokes. - [Michelle] Now that is the biggest pearl necklace I've ever seen. - Really? - Yeah. Trust me. - I'm serving 70's, summer elegance. in this gorgeous, yellow, polka dot, caftan with a turbine to match. The Queen would have worn this in one of her Royal World Tours, visiting Africa and the Middle East. I feel fabulous. - [Graham] Is caf-canistan part of the Commonwealth? - [Michelle] Yes, yes it is. - [Graham] Oh good. - [RuPaul] Gothy Kendall. - [Michelle] She's crowning, someone had to say it. - The look that I am serving is fresh, young, 1950s Queen Elizabeth. I am giving you regal realness waving to all my loyal subjects and I'm sure Queen Elizabeth has a few fishnet tights that are stoned. - [Michelle] She's so sashy. - Yes. - Yeah she's so sashy. - [RuPaul] Scaredy Kat. - Oh. - Oh. Don't be a dummy. - I am serving you pissed off princess baby realness. I need my beauty sleep and I'm royally (beep) off. - [Alan] It looks like somebody missed her royal nap. - Oh. - I am the ultra baby queen of the competition and the queen was once a baby so it makes sense. - [Graham] Mommy always loved Margaret better. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Divina De Campo. - [Graham] Regal housewives of Britannia. (panel members laugh) - My inspiration was the star and the garter. I am feeling poised like I'm gliding on air and I'm trying to be as regal as possible, and just so that you know, I really am wearing garter. - This is less Dame Helen Mirren and more damn Helen Mirren. - Wow. (upbeat marching band music) - The category is night of a thousand Michelle Visages. AKA Joyce Leslie on parade. (panel members laugh) First up Jan in glamazonian airways Michelle. (Michelle laughs) - Wow, she looks hot. - Fly me to the moon. - [Michelle] Come on Tits McGee. - [RuPaul] Jackie Cox in all stars Michelle track. - [Michelle] Yes, oh my god she has the lightning bolt ring. - [RuPaul] Representing South Plainfield, New Jersey, Gigi Goode, soul system Michelle. - Stunning. - My body looked just like that. (panel members laugh) (panel members cheer) - [Michelle] Nailed it. - [RuPaul] Brita season 10 finale Michelle. (panel members laugh) - [Michelle] Who's that behind those foster grand? - [RuPaul] Well that's Michelle Facade. - [Michelle] Yes! - [RuPaul] Jaida Essence Hall, all stars icon Michelle. - [Michelle] Like Coco Chanel said, "when leaving the house take one thing off" and in my case, it was my shirt. (panel members laugh) - [RuPaul] Crystal Methyd. (panel members gasp) - Here we go. - [RuPaul] RuPaul show lady in red Michelle. - [Michelle] 1996 Rue. - [RuPaul] Yeah, just like yesterday, The Widow Von Du. RuPaul show starry, starry, Michelle. - [Heather] Love this red, white and blue. - [RuPaul] That's when Michelle was trying to join The Spice Girls as Old Spice. (panel members laugh) Heidi on the set of Towie Michelle. - [Michelle] Oh my god. - [RuPaul] Michelle's huge in the UK. - [Carson] Or at least her bun is. - [Michelle] My bun is always huge. (panel members laugh) - Category is night of a thousand Celine. Gentlemen, start your engines (engine start and revs) and may the best woman win. (panel members laugh) (upbeat music) ♪ The realness ♪ - [Brooke] First up, Boa. Fringe, fringe, fringe across the board. - This look is inspired by Celine at the Met Gala. I am serving carwash realness in this gorgeous feather headpiece and this almost floor length fringe. Do you need a wash, full service, honey? - [Jeffery] No head dress for the wicked. - Shave your armpits. (panel members laugh) - [Brooke] Next up Scarlet Bobo. - [Jeffery] Poof, there it is. - Sat on her, I don't even know her. - I'm honoring Celine Dion with my Paris Fashion Week, bedtime aleganza. - Oh, it's so hard to get out of bed, just take it with you. - I'm serving you soft face, this cute little bun, this elegant off the shoulder dress. I'm like, oh, look at my glittery collar bones. - [Brooke] Kiara. - [Jeffery] Ruffles all dressed bitch. - A new game has come. - Tonight the fantasy is a Celine album release realness. I am serving legs on the runway. I'm saving ruffles. I'm feeling sexy in this ponytail. - [Stefan] A French exit (panel members speaks in a foreign language) - [Brooke] Rita Baga. - [Elisha] I will sell this house today. - The inspiration is Celine before and after the fame. I'm serving you 80's ugly realness and oh, a little reveal. - Oh! - She's wearing a black sequence dress, she looks lovely. - [Jeffery] Her heart does go on and on. - [Judges] And on. - She's strutting, she's walking, she's goofing all around. Just like the Celine we know. - (sighs) The duck walk of shame, I know it well. - [Brooke] Jimbo. - Oh! - Oh! - [RuPaul] I am inspired by Celine Dion, Paris Fashion Week. - [Michelle] Drill Sergeant Celine Dion. - [Elisha] Drive all night and drop and give me 20. - I am sparkling from head to toe, showing off my rhinestone glasses, my rhinestone shoulders. I've just escaped from Celine Dion bootcamp and I'm here to serve you fashion. - [Jeffery] Are those shoulders The Dionne quintuplets? (panel members laugh) - [Brooke] Next is Lemon. I am serving you her 1998 Oscar's performance, where she won an Oscar. - Queer, far, wherever you are. - I feel gorgeous in this dress and I feel like I'm the heart of the ocean. Didn't the old lady drop it in the ocean in the end? Well baby, I went down and got it for you. - [Brooke] Next up in Ilona Verley. - I'm doing Celine Dion in Elsa Schiaparelli, 2017. I wanna show the judges that I can walk in an actual heel. I'm giving you find the life alert because I'm about to drop dead in these (beep) shoes. - My EKG machine just says slut. She's rhinestone, she's glistening. She's letting the judges have it. - Is she wearing a life jacket on her bottom? - [Brooke] And Priyanka. - Oh, here comes the bride. - Oh! - Look at this wedding dress. It is exact replica of the one she wore. - She's father and the bride. (gasp) - And shablam, there's another dress out of the wedding dress. I am serving her icon award dress. Thank you so much. Thank you and good night. ♪ The realness ♪- Hello. Hello. Hello. - [Contestants] Hello. - Now, at this point in the race, you must be getting a little homesick or lonely for your boyfriends or just miss having a little sexy fun. Well, I have just the remedy. Oh, pit crew. (upbeat music) - [Contestants] Oh. - Come on. (upbeat music) (contestants cheer) - What? - What the hell? Oh my god, it doesn't stop. - Say hello to designer Andrew Christian. Andrew, thank you for keeping the pit crew looking so hot all season. - I'm very dedicated to my work. - I bet you are. Now ladies, Andrew has brought his models to play a little game of whatcha packin? - [Automated Voice] You know what I'm talking about. - You ask a model to drop trout and reveal his Andrew Christian. Your job is to find the matching pair. Now, the queen that makes all the matches, the fastest, wins. - Oh my god. - First up, Ivy Winters. The rest of you wait outside for your turn. (upbeat music) Ivy, choose a model. - Number nine, please. (upbeat music) 14, please. - Not a match. Next pick. - Number 10. - Damn, you're gonna put somebody's eyes out with that thing. - 18. - We got a match. - How did we end up in the meatpacking district? - Number six. - Red. Now, wait a minute. - Oh no. - I'm so distracted. I am trying to memorize what boy has got what underwear on. And at the same time, I'm just thinking, "God, this guy's really hot." - Pick a model. - 22. Pretty in pink. Oh my god. I could play this game all day. - It's like the Rockettes only a lot more (beep). - Six. Nine. - Not a match. - 11. 21. - No match. - I came so close. - I know, you were about this close. (laughter) - Two and five. (instrumental music) - Son of a... - 10. - 17. Seen that color before somewhere. Eight. Wait, son of a bitch. Oh, damn it. Take the (beep) off, I've had it. Number six and number seven. - Not a match - Alyssa, you're not doing very well here. - No, I'm doing very well. I'm just not making any matches. - Exactly. - 15 and seven. - Got a match. I don't know why, but I'm craving a corn dog. The winner of today's mini-challenge is every straight woman and gay man in America. But one of you deep pantsed these boys in record time. The winner is Ivy Winters. (contestants applaud) Scruff pit crew. (contestants cheer) - [Contestants] Oh. - Sometimes it's two. Sometimes it's four. But this time there are 10. - Say hello to Johnny Scruff, the founder of the gay social network, Scruff. - Hello, ladies. - [Contestants] Hi. - So Johnny, thanks for bringing the guys. Are they all on Scruff? - Well, you'll have to log on to find out, miss Ru. - I sure will then. So ladies, for today's mini challenge, you're going to compete in a game of hang man. It's like a hang man, but bigger and longer and a lot scruffier. (laughter) All right ladies, the clue is a hot way to serve fish. A. S. Another S. O. - Oh. - Bianca. - Is it casserole? - Answer is (contestants applaud) Casserole. - Johnny, what is our next clue? - Cases of history repeating. - A. S. I wonder where this is going. (laughter) S. B. Courtney Act. - I think it's flashbacks, Ru. - Flash back. The clue is what Lady Bunny has. A. S. Bianca Del Rio, what's your answer? - Fat ass. - I'm sorry, Bianca. Right answer in life, wrong answer in this game. Shut the front door. Another S. What are the odds of that? This game is amazing. (laughter) DeLa, what's your guess? - No class. - Answer is... (instrumental music) Lady Bunny is like school on the weekend, no class. (laughter) Next clue is big in Germany. (classical music) A. Adore has buzzed in with one letter. - Popular in Germany, duh. Hasselhoff. (Contestants cheer) - These queens are good. - These queens are real good. Here's the clue. She got a hot body. With just one B on the board, what's your guess, DeLa? - But her face. - Let's see what we have. (contestants cheer) Yeah, she got hot body, but her face... Ben DeLa, you're the winner. Oh, pit crew. - Yay. - [Contestants] Oh. - Oh my goodness. - Looks like the pit crew invited some of their little friends over for a play date. - I wanna pass out. - I'm taking in the buffet right now. Every size and color. It's like Epcot for the thirsty bitches. - Now, for today's mini challenge, we're gonna play a little game called monster in your pants. Ah. (laughter) Most of these men's have a number tucked inside their Justin Case underwear. Now, you call out a name, he reaches into his drawers and whips it out. Now, you'll need to gobble up as many points as possible. But be careful because one of you bastards has a monster in your pants. (laughter) If you pick the monster before you freeze your points, you're out of the game. First up, come on over, Miss Fame. The rest of you wait outside for your turn. Miss Fame, call out a name. - I'm gonna go with Dick. - Everybody loves Dick. 10. 10 points. - I'm gonna go with Jack. - There it is. - Joe. (upbeat music) Joe. - Shoot. - I'm gonna start with Fang. - Nine. - We're off to a good start. I think I'll go with Boo. Oh. - Katya. - I have no idea what the rules of this game are. I don't care what they are. Just when do I get to blow them? I can't say that? I can't say that either? - Katya, call out a name. - Dude. - Show us what you got. - Mother (beep) god, son of a mother (beep) Bitch, the first time? - The first time out. - I love me some BJ, but I'll go with Papi. - Two and a half. - Rod. Come on, come on. - Oh no. - Rod. - BJ. - Fang. - John. - Oh shoot. - Rod. - Nine. - Mary. - Eight and a half. - Jack. - Whip it out, Jack. - Girl - I think I wanna freeze. - You wanna freeze? - I wanna freeze. - She's gonna freeze. Pearl, this may be your chance to finally get that necklace. (laughter) - Jack. - Six and a half. - Fang. - Who's talking to you? - Pete. (beep) you, Pete. (beep) you, Pete. - Ladies, time to get that blood rushing right back up to your brains. The one queen that inched her way to victory is Ginger Minj. (Contestants applaud) Ladies, for a little morale boost, I've invited some company. Oh, pit crew. (upbeat music) Look, they brought their bunk buddy. And designer Andrew Christian. - Hello, there. - Ladies, America's next drag superstar needs to use her intuition to make important decisions in the blink of a false eyelash. Now, this is how we do it. I share a fun fact about one of our Andrew Christian models and then you determine, if he prefers the top or the bottom. (gasps) Bunk. I'm talking bunk here, ladies. There's a giant bunk bed right there. And the queen who gets the most matches, wins. First up, Derrick Barry. The Golden Girl character Jason most identifies with is Blanche Devereaux. - I would say bottom. - Get on down there, Jason. - Peter prefers his coffee black. - I will put him on the top. - Hips don't lie. - Cory's favorite music artist is Britney Spears. - Oh. Bottom. - That bottom is so crowded. Derrick, we will show you your results in a moment. Kim Chi. Now, Jason, number two. Is it an Australian accent? - It is. - Are you from Perth? You have Perthonality. - No. (laughter) Jason's favorite exercise is chest press. - I'm gonna go with top funk for this one. - Go on over. Look at me. Look at me. - Naomi, Marie's favorite movie is Little Mermaid. - Bottom bunk. - I'll drink to that. Miles' spirit animal is Nicole Richie. - I'm gonna say top bunk. - I'm gonna put Miles on the top bunk. - Bottom bunk. - Okay. Make room for Miles. Welcome back, ladies. Now let's debunk all the rumors. Boys, show us your bunk preference, please. Here we go. Excuse me, just one top. With all of West Hollywood. (laughter) My goodness. The winner of today's mini challenge is Derrick Barry. - I won. - Hello. Hello. Hello, ladies. I wanna share with you the secret to my success. All the big business deals are made on the golf course. (upbeat music) So I've invited designer, Andrew Christian and these sexy beasts to help us play a few rounds of but, but golf. (laughter) Ladies, take a moment to get into a quick golf drag and meet us on the back nine. Go. - Where's my plat at, girl? - Choices - Ladies, it's tea time. Well, look, it's dinosaur weekend at RuPaul's Drag Race. First, you swing your thing to hit the ball through the legs of these manimals. And the All Star that can sink the ball into the big pink hole in the fastest time wins. - First up, Roxxxy Andrews. Go. Keep your eye on the ball and not their Andrew Christian's. - These balls are so saggy. - Guess you've been used to it, girl. - You're gonna have to back up into that, girl. - All these hot mans can't disturb me today, honey. I need to get the ball in the hole. (applaud) - A hole in one hour. Detox. She's doing the side maneuver. Her technique is very unusual. - No. (laughter) - Detox, time is up. I'm afraid we're gonna have to pull the but, but plug on this one. (laughter) Tatianna, look at the thrust. Now, that is how you play this game. (contestants cheer) - She's gotten in the swing of it. Yes. Alyssa Edwards. - I'm taking my time. I'm getting good technique. - Girl. I think Alyssa know what she doing. She may not have the fastest time but she's clearly winning this game. Katya. - It's tense on the green right now. She's between a rock and a hard place. A really hard place. (contestants cheer) Alaska. - Wow, she is aggressive in her approach. It looks like she's going to the full. Get it in there, girl. She's in the home stretch now. (contestants applaud) Ladies, the winner is Alaska. (contestants cheer) Who's up for a mini challenge featuring hot, bulging manseses. (contestants cheer) Oh, pit crew. (upbeat music) Now, for today's mini challenge, each of you needs to shoot a sexy selfie with Jason, Jared, and Yadier. As in frankly, Yadier, I do give a damn. (laughter) Time to slip into quick drag. Ready? Go. (upbeat music) - You always know it's Aja when you hear them hooves. - First up is Peppermint. - Hey boys. Let's do it. I'm gonna get right here. - This is complicated. This looks like the cover of the September issue of something. Surf's up, Peppermint. Alexis Michelle. - Boys, we're gonna lift me. - Here we go. Can you get under my leg? - All hands on deck. - I think I'm just gonna get on my knees. - How many times have you said that, Aja? - It's one of my catchphrases. - Chin's up, all of them. - Let's get soaking wet. Careful, there's no lifeguard on duty. She don't do anything nice and easy. - Hola mama Ru Paul. - Let me guess, is this gonna involve your cuckoo at all? - How you got it? Yes. There's cuckoo for everybody, guys. You do not have to fight. - Yes, honey. I've got a lovely bunch of cuckoo nuts. - Valentina, come on round. - Wait, Ru, can you present me as Ms. Venezuela? - Yes. Ladies and gentlemen, the reigning Ms. Venezuela, Valentina. - I just wanna show diversity. So everyone show a little homeboy. (laughter) - Ladies, one of you really out selfied yourself. The winner is Alexis Michelle, condragulations. Ladies. - Hello. - You hungry? - [Contestants] Yeah. - I mean hungry for some fresh man meats. Ravenous. Because your country breakfast is ready. Oh, pit crew. (upbeat music) - [Contestants] Oh. - Oh my God, they keep coming. - The boys are gorgeous. There's something for every taste in the world. And you know I love a buffet. My mouth is watering. - Howdy, fellas. - [Pit Crew] Howdy. - Now, ladies for today's mini challenge, we're playing a game of pants down, bottoms up. - My favorite. - First, you tell one of these studs to drop trout and he'll flash his Rounderbum underwear, then you need to find the matching pair. In the end, the queen that makes the most matches with the fewest tries, wins. - So win, win situation. - Yeah. Let's play. First up, Asia. Welcome to the astrodome. - Googly mogly. - Yes. Dive right in. - I'm gonna go with my good friend, number two. Geometric designs. - Okay. Now, you get-- - Sorry, what are we doing again? Number 16. - Crack is whack. Not a match. - 14. - Turn around, drop trout. - Ooh damn. Number one. - [Ru] Yes. - It is like Christmas, a bar mitzvah, your quinceanera, sweet 16, your birthday all rolled up into one. (instrumental music) - 18. - Damn. I wish Prince was alive to see this purple rain. - Eight. - Not a match, but a great choice. - Seven. - Yoohoo! Bam. - Number four. - Not a match. You didn't miss no meals, did you? - 17. (instrumental music) 10. - Yes, we got a match. - I'm gonna go with number 17, please. - Badonka dang. - Number four. - Not a match. - Number 14. - 57 shades of gray. - Number five. - Big money, big money. What a bummer? Are you purposely trying to not make a match so you can stretch this out? - If I could see number 16 and number eight. - Wait, we'll just one at a time. - I'm sorry. - You're a bossy bottom, aren't you? - Number 16, please. - You want some fries with that shake? - Number eight, please. - Oh my goodness. You've got a match. - Number three. - Beautiful. - What's better than 10 but 20? - Turn around, drop trout. Yes. Now, what's your pleasure? - 19. - Ooh. I loved how that model wiggled out of those pants. - He wiggled and jiggled all the way on the inside. Let me try seven. - Oh, shucks. - Oh my gosh. 12, please. Yay. And then number five, please. - Not a match. Your short term memory is terrible. - There's nothing but ass in here right now. - Now, gentlemen standing in one place can be bad for your health. So for safety reasons only, I'm insisting that we take a moment to shake those Rounderbum assets. Hit it. (upbeat music) This needs to be its own show. Ladies, you all did great. But one of you has a pornographic memory. I mean, photographic memory. Aquaria. (contestants cheer) - I think I've found my husband. - Oh, pit crew. (upbeat music) - [Contestants] Oh. (contestants cheer) - My wig - Delta Work, what are you doing here? - I figured it was a good day to come check out the set. (laughter) - Well darling, you have impeccable timing. - No, just a really good sense of smell. - Ladies, for today's mini challenge, we're playing a game called balls to the wall. Each of you will be paired with one of these gorgeous hot manseses who are wearing underwear provided by Dirt Squirrel. Now, the queen who gets the most balls in the sack, fastest wins. Oh, and one more detail, you can't use your hands. No, instead, I'll pick a card to determine each pair's position. Hip to hip, shoulder to butt, ass to ass. - Don't worry, girls, I got this. - Now, Delta, would you be willing to be our ball girl? - I'm everybody's ball girl. - Okay. First up, Shuga Cain and Jason. Your position will be head to butt using the blue ball. Assume the position. (contestants cheer) - My husband's gonna be mad as hell, but I can't help it. He's so beautiful. - Go. Ball to the wall. (contestants cheer) - Put that ball in your face. - Disco ball, ass to ass. Actually, disco ball ass to ass is the name of my new album. - Hip to hip, with an eight ball. Sounds like a Saturday night to me. Oh yes, teamwork. - [Delta] Yes bitch, that's how you do it. Let him lead, honey. - [Contestants] Oh. And go. (laughter) - (beep) - Look at her cute little chicken legs. - That's fine, but they still move. They still move, baby. - And go. (instrumental music) Ball to the wall. Well done, ball down. - I'm determined. And I know how to work these balls, baby. - Wait, which way are we going? Hold on there, Barry. Drop that thing. (contestants cheer) - Come on, come on, hold my wig. Hold my wig. Hold on, put it in the back. (contestants cheer) It's time I win something. - Ear to hip. Now Silky, that's your ear to his hip. - Oh, I got this. - Oh lord. - What the hell? - Yo ladies, don't you wish gym class had been this much fun? - [Contestants] Yes. - The queen that buried the most balls in the shortest amount of time is... - Vanessa Vanjie Mateo. (contestants cheer) - For today's mini challenge, we're gonna play a little game called B B C. (laughter) I don't know why you're laughing. (laughter) Oh Brit crew. (upbeat music) - Just keep coming. - Oh goodness gracious, me. - Ladykins, you have to guess what these handsome chaps are wearing under their shorts. You have three choices, boxers, briefs or commando. You have six attempts each and the queen with the most correct guesses wins. #DragRaceUK - This ain't the BBC I grew up watching. I used to watch Blue Peter and the Antiques Roadshow. (upbeat music) - Number one, Divina, boxers, briefs or commando. - Am I allowed to close for inspection? - No, darling, this is as close as you get. - Briefs. - Show us what you're packing. You got a match. Number six. - I think you've got briefs on. - You're really good at this. - Well, I've had a lot of practice. This is maybe not what I was expecting from the BBC. I'm not angry though. (upbeat music) - Up next, Baga Chips. - Very, very nice. Very nice. - Number two, step forward. - Boxers. - Briefs. Number three, step forward. - Oh my God, I'm gonna be walking like Tina Turner. - How does Tina Turner walk? (laughter) - I'm gonna say boxes for this one. - Oh, commando. - I thought they'd have the knob out. - It's camel. - He seems like a naughty boy. So I think he goes commando. He's got the pants all on. Well, with the length on that one, I think he needs the length bump the bottom half as well. So I'm going boxers. - Okay. - Yay. - You got it. - I've won something in this competition. Yes, we've all won something in this competition. (upbeat music) Think real hard. I mean harder, think harder. - I'm gonna say boxers. - Khamoshi, better don't. - I'm gonna say commando again. - Boxers We call him big Ben. (gong sounds) - How many did I get? - I don't know I'm in a daze. - Me too. - When did you all get here? (upbeat music) Viv, maybe you can say this one as Kim Woodburn. - It's filth day, have a look. If I had to say, I'd say it was boxers, Ru. - Number three, please show us what you got. (upbeat music) - Come on, love, we haven't got all day. - It's commando. - You can take someone's eye out with that, my love. (laughter) Put them on, it's filth. Put them up. It's horrible, actually. - Great job, ladies. That was a hard one. Really hard. But one of you really managed to pull it off. With five matches, the winner of today's mini-challenge is Divina. Condragulations. - Oh pit crew. (upbeat music) - [Contestants] Oh. - The pit crew is looking so hot. - We haven't seen shirtless men in weeks. - Nope, still not coming to me. Oh, pit crew. - There's more. - Are you kidding? (contestants cheer) - Lord Jesus, what's happening? What's happening here. - Hold on, stop production. Those abs and sweat and bulges. - Yes, I'm starting to remember now. A few more boys should do the trick. Oh pit crew. - [Contestants] Oh. - And then more are coming out, and then more and more. And at this point, I need my puffer, it's too much. I can't handle this. Find a spot. - I am in the middle of my favorite cookie ever. Today's mini challenge is a test of your memory. - Oh great. Our supersized pit crew is all packing a surprise in those shorts. - Oh yeah. - Each one has on a pair of underwear that matches one other member of the pit crew. One queen at a time, you're gonna ask one of these fine specimen to drop their drawers. The queen who makes the most matches in the shortest number of guesses, wins. - Genius. - Let the guessing and undressing begin. - Hi, Lemon.- - Hi boys. - Let's get to it. - Let's do seven. That's what I thought. - Pick again. - Let's do seven again. Give me some number three. - No match. - Go again. - Number four. - Give me what's in number three. - That's a match. - And love this color story, by the way. I think that the picker was doing God's work. It is so beautiful to watch people care so much about their jobs. - Scarlett BoBo. - Hello. - Please pick a number. - One. Damn. - For some reason I'm craving baked potato. - Girl, same. - Next number. - Five. Not a match. Boys, pull up those pants slowly. - It's like all the boys that blocked me on Grindr. Good. This is an intervention. - Well now, they're at your mercy. - Number one, drop 'em. - She's so bossy. - Number 10, drop them. Noted. Noted. I don't even care about this mini challenge anymore because I'm like (dribbles spit) There's no inner saboteur. The sabotage is in front of my face. And I can see it tucked away in their underwear. Look, that's sabotage dick right there, bitch. - Boy, are you ready to go underwear shopping? - I wish I knew there were coming, I would have put on some eyebrows. I'm gonna pick number. Oh my god, six. Nine. - No, no match. - Bitch, my memory is so bad. I can't even remember (beep). - It's all good, we're still winning even when it's not a match. Pick a pair of numbers. - I'm overwhelmed. Let's do two. - I love that. That's really fierce. Nine. Nine, let's see nine. What? Good job. - I'm feeling that. I'm feeling that. - See anything you like? - One two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine 10. Let's start with number one. Oh Jesus. And number five. Blue debedii debedoo. - I'm willing to take number eight. He's got that big banana energy. Number six. Would you please reveal? Oh my good god. (whistles) I am concentrating. My memory for once, is good. - Pick a pair. - Number two. - Meow. (makes cat roar) Number nine. - You got it. - So I'll go with one. Come on, tin man. And I'll go with seven. - What? Wow. - And I want to eat today. I am scanning. Let's do four. Come down. And three. Yes, bitch. All of a sudden, I have gained photographic memory. Six and eight. Jesus. - Don't you love this game? Well, ladies, I don't think memory games get harder than that. But one of you kept your eyes on the prize. Jimbo. Condragulations, you're the winner. - Yes! Finally, I mother (beep) won some (beep). - Judge Judy. - Her old nose. - Not a match, unfortunately, but. - She has been, like three or four. - Yeah, she's been touched by an angel. And she looks great. - I agree. And you know, I agree and so does, Officer Burns. (audience laughing) That is correct, Judge Judy. - [RuPaul] Not a match, your honor. - Bologna! Bologna, sir! - [Voiceover] I'm ready for a fried bologna sandwich myself. (upbeat music) - We're right about to do our courtroom scene directed by Mathu Anderson. In which we all have to play three distinctly different characters. The witness, the defense attorney, and, the prosecutor. - Ladies, you've been instructed to create different characters for each role. So blow me away. Here we go. Action! - [Announcer] All rise for the honorable Judge Rudy. - Order in the court room, hunties. - Judge Rudy, the evidence will prove that the accused is one cold blooded biotch. - As the defense attorney, I would like to submit my briefs. - Cut. Alaska, I'd like to know what your inspiration and motivation for your character at the moment? - My name is Peg Halls. She smokes two packs of Misty Slim, menthol one hundreds. And she's a hard ass. She's going on 60, 40 years in the business. Graduated law school at 20, I don't know how that happened. - It's a miscarriage of justice. (laughing) - I smoked 80 packs of Virginia Slims every day. I'm sorry, that's not funny to me. - Okay, and action. - Those hideous drag queens had it coming, it was a mercy murder. - Cut. - Sorry, I messed that up. - Taking a deep breath, and, action. - If I'm guilty of being anything up in here, it's a being fierce. - And, cut. Roxxxy. - Uh-huh? - Who are you? - I'm Roxxxy Andrews. A ghetto bitch. - Roxxxy's character of Roxxxy is definitely Tamar Braxton. - Where my people at? Where my people at? - Dot com. - Okay ladies, it's time to do musical chairs and change into your next character. Hit the change rooms. (playful music) So here we go. Action. - Judge Rudy, the prosecution would like to submit the murder weapon. - Objection! Reading the witness. - You want answers? - We want the tea, stupid. - You can't handle the tea. - Jinkx was the most solid in her characterizations. She has the leading edge in this courtroom drama. And cut. Big change. Next role. Okay, ladies, I see you're all in different positions and ready to go. On, action. - Those damn (bleep) drag Queens had it coming. - I say, I say. - Cut, cut, cut, cut. One moment, lets go on and back up a little bit 'cause. - I said about word. - You you said naughty words. Action. - Those hideous drag Queens had it coming. - Judge Rudy, the evidence will prove that the accused is one cold blooded bitch, biotch. - Cut. Roxxxy, what's the motivation for your character? - Actually just a bitch. - Okay. Jinkx Monsoon. - Her name is Daisy A Irwin and she's a little older than she tries to pass herself off as, and she's just a simple southern lawyer. - [Mathu] Fantastic. Alaska? - I hope I don't go to prison, but if I do I hope it's a men's prison. (giggling) - Okay, really bring it, I want to see, Satan, ancient crone and, bitch. Action! - I say, I say, objection. - And Alaska? - What's the line? - "I can't face it". - I can't face it, I can't face it. (crying) - What is it you can't face? (spitting) - What did you just call her? - Roxxxy, humor me. Your spit take, was it overly long? Try to get the water out of your mouth so you can get to your line. - Okay. (spitting) What did you just call her? - Spit takes a usually a bit more. (spitting) - Am I still not doing it right? - Tight. (spitting) It seemed a little bit problematic for Roxxxy, the old spit take. I just need you to snort it out. Like (spitting), what did you say? - I didn't know you wanted me to say the line. - You can tell it's really affecting her when Mathu calls her out. The frustration has gotten to the point where you can tell she's mad. - Ladies, guess what? That's a wrap. (suspenseful music) - As the defense attorney, I'd like to submit my briefs. - The state accuses Roxxxy Andrews of deplorable acts of slayin' bitches. - I plead guilty of being devastatingly beautiful. (upbeat music) - Those hideous drag queens had it coming. It was a mercy killing. - The evidence will prove beyond a doubt that the accused is one cold blooded biotch. - Objection! Reading the witness. (upbeat music) - The prosecution would like to submit the murder weapon. A size three stiletto. - Well I wear a size 14. - If the glove don't fit, you must acquit. (upbeat music) - Now ladies, when the Supreme Court legalized same sex marriage, they moved this country boldly forward. But, when it comes to their sense of style, their justices are like, so 18th century. - Yeah. - Oh, pig crew. Now for today's mini challenge, I want you to drag up these basic black robes. Think Judge Judy couture. We'll take a 30 minute recess, and then the Supreme Court fashion show will be in session. Go! (screaming) - This like absolute garbage and I love it. - Ladies, times up. Category is Supreme Court Realness. First up, Bob the drag queen. She received her law degree online from the Tyler Perry, I Can Learn Law All By Myself school. Supreme Court Justice, Naomi Smalls. From the law firm of Evangalista and Fangs. She almost got disbarred for excessive mouth pops. That was only one. (laughing) Justice Derrick Barry. She was inspired to study law after sneaking into a matinee of Legally Blonde. - Oh, and then my wig come off. - All rise for a Supreme Court justice, Cynthia Lee Fontaine, AKA cuckoo freedom. She made herstory with her landmark verdict for legalizing sex. Really judge? (laughing) - I think it was funny. - Supreme Court justice, Acid Betty. She believes in every citizen's right to go fisting. I'm sorry, go fishing. Supreme Court justice, Robbie Turner. If justice Turner had her way, she'd outlaw ex-boyfriend Donald Trump. - All rise for Supreme Court justice Kim Chi. She got her start at the law firm of Ching Chang and Chong. I did not write these. (laughing) Do not send me letters. Supreme Court justice, Thorgy Thor. She made herstory legalizing the right to stop traffic and tap dance. (horn beeping) All rise for Supreme Court justice Chi Chi Devayne. She made herstory with her landmark verdict legalizing ass clapping. - What? (laughing) - Yes your honor. Yes. If justice is blind, that bitch is missing out. The winner is... Naomi Smalls. (cheering) - [Announcer] You were about to enter the courtroom of Michelle Visage. - Y'all ready for some Jersey justice? - [Audience] Fight, fight, fight, fight. - [Announcer] The shade is real. - I don't got time for this (beep). - [Announcer] The tans are fake. - Come on, I got a tanning appointment to go to. - [Announcer] And the bailiff is shirtless. This is Jersey Justice. This is the plaintiff, she's suing a salon owner for over $5,000. Claiming she made her look like a bitch at her high school reunion. This is the defendant, she claims the plaintiff is telling a "tail", and actually looks quite fetching. - All rise for the smoking hot judge, Michele Visage. (audience cheering) - All right, all right, all right, all right, sit down, sit down. Hey Tony. - Hey your honor, how you doing? - I noticed you didn't call me honorable. Is that because the last night in my chambers? - Uh yeah, go with that I guess. - Y'all ready for some Jersey justice? (audience cheering) Order in the court. Order in the court! Do you solemnly swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, or something like the truth, so help you John Bon Jovi. - Somethin' like the truth. - I swear. (bleep) - Plaintiff, what's your name? - Tiffani, with two "I's", dotted with hearts. - Defendant? - Stefani with an "I", Angelyne with a "Y", Ricotta like the cheese, Permanata. - Obviously Jewish. - Five point star. - (chuckling) Yes. What's your story Tiffani? - So I was walking down Spa Road, and I saw a truck, like a food truck, but, it was a travel salon. So I thought I would go in and get my hair did and get a makeover because I was trying to get ready for my 20th high school reunion, and I came out looking like a mother tuckin' dog. - Okay, show us. Take it off, just take it off. - Okay, okay. I feel like a stripper. (audience laughing) I look like a dog. - That's couture. - I was going to the mall to get a cute dress for the reunion, and they wouldn't even let me in the store because I wasn't a service animal. (audience laughing) I've waited 20 years to come back looking like the sexy hot bitch. And now I just look like a fricking bitch. - What do you want? - I want $5,000. - Do you know how many dresses at Wet Seal I could get with $5,000? - I do. - $5,000 for damages and $11.75 for this flea collar that she somehow bamboozled me into purchasing. Even though it's not even my color. (audience laughing) - Defendant, what do you do for a living? - I am a hairstylist. - What's the name of your salon Stefani? - The name of my salon is Bitch N' Beauty I've had it for 19 years, it's attached to my boyfriend Vinny's '87 Mustang. - What kind of clientele do you host at Bitch N' Salon? - Well, they normally got four legs. They normally got some anal glands going on and they normally need their fleas and ticks treated. - You own a dog grooming salon? - And when she came in smelling like a wet dog I just said, let's get to work. - Naomi has a distinctive character and she is bronze and cheeto tan the house down. But miss Manila is clearly a star. - How is it possible that you could not see that you were entering a dog salon? - I've been not been wearing my glasses so much so because I think I look prettier without them. - Stefani, how could you not see that this was a human being walking into your dog truck? - How can you not see that she doesn't look like a human being? - This is my courtroom, you don't talk to me that way! No. She's a human. You have a dog truck. They don't go. - I look like (beep). - You prostitution Labrador how dare you. - You two disgust me. You get outta here, the both of you, get out! You and that ratchet ass dog. - Her name is Panini. - Go! - How dare you. - I need the $5,000. - Ricotta, Framundo. - Your highness, no. - You're not getting the $5,000. - I want my $5,000. (audience laughing) - Dismissed. I am not scared of you. - Sounds like the litigants are coming out of the courtroom right now, let's see if we can get a word with them. Hey ladies. Hello, hello. Now listen, Jersey justice, was it served today? - No, I want my money. I want my money. (barking) - Oh, oh okay. - Keep the change you filthy animal. - Okay, all right, ladies, we're going to get ready for the next case, thank you very much. Thank you. - [Announcer] This is the plaintiff. She's suing a bakery owner for ruining her wedding with a disrespectful dessert. This is the defendant. She claims that when it comes to serving cakes, she never disappoints. - You guys swear to tell the truth, if not, I'll put a hit out on ya. - For sure. - Got it. - All right plaintiff, what's your name? - My name is Anastasia Ravioli Ragu. Yes I'm a part of the Ragu family, I got married last Friday. - How old are you? - I'm 26. - 26, okay, you're getting married at 26, good for you. - Yeah, can't look like this forever. - So why are you here Anastasia? - So the defendant, family friend, went to school with her daughter, she owns a bakery, I said, oh my god, I'm getting married, she's black, I'm black, let's support black businesses, it'll be great, you know, upbringing the community. - Great. - I tell her that I want the cake to say "Anastasia and Bobby, true love forever". - Okay. - What I get the day of, horrible, train wreck (crying), like sabotage, booby trap, like what the hell, I don't know. - Is that the cake right there? - This is the cake right here. - I'm watching Latrice keeping quiet and just kind of letting Monique steal the focus. This was her chance to have her redemption from her snatch game. Latrice has to bring it, times two, times ten. - So first of all, your honor, she puts white people on the cake. (audience laughing) My gosh, it says Lisa. My names Anastasia. - Oh boy, okay. - So it says, "Lisa is a total skank and everyone knows it". Over a doorknob, the doorknob? - Everybody gets a turn? - So your honor, I'm suing for $500, the price of the cake. But I'm also, I want an additional 5,000. - For? - Pain and suffering. - Okay. - Emotion of distress. I was called a whore, a doorknob. She's over there looking like a big buttered (indistinct), like what's going on. - Defendant, what's your name? - I'm Anna Mae. I've known the plaintiff for her whole entire life. Basically her and my daughter grew up together, they went to school together, they were good friends. She turned into a whore. - Are you gonna call me a whore? - You're on your fricking second marriage, at 26. - Security, you want to call me a whore? - Security? Sugar daddy. - Latrice, Latrice, Latrice. (snoring) Where are the jokes? - Did you or did you not make that cake? - We at Anna Mae would never do work like this. - Objectify. Objectify. - What? - Objectify. - No baby. I don't need you to talk, I let you speak. - Oh my gosh. - I don't know how that inscription got on there, I don't even know what that inscription is. This is not my handwriting. - Well lucky for you I had them analyze the handwriting. - Oh really? - And I would like to present to you a hostile witness. (audience gasping) Look familiar Anna Mae? - Momma, let me tell you something, hello your honor, how are you? - First of all, what's your name? - You want to know my name? - I asked you your name. - Okay, well you said I'm hostile, you seem a little hostile yourself, just saying. - This is my court bitch. - Respect your elders, I taught you better than that. - Clearly not. - Your honor, my name is Alexis. - Your honor, she brought a forty. - I tend to get thirsty, your honor. (audience laughing) - Tell me your story, why are you here? - Okay, your honor, first of all, yes I did write on that cake. But there's a. - You wrote on the cake? - Momma, (mumbling) I'ma say it in a second, I did, but here's the reason. Because she is a nasty, skanky whore. Anastasia Fettuccine Alfredo Ragu, al dente pasta. - What your (bleep) language. You kiss your mother with that (bleep) mouth? - And my boyfriend, your honor. (audience laughing) So here's the story, so we've been best friends forever. - Best friends. - Since elementary school. We were on the playground and I was together in fourth grade, me and Bobby Z started going steady. We were on the topsy turvy, going round and round, and miss Anastasia spins the bitch too fast. I get nauseous, after my pesto alfredo sauce pasta, what we had for lunch. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. - Monique was doing a great job and she was funny, but then it just lost the story. - So she spunned it and made me throw up on Bobby Z on his Cavaricci jeans. - You're lying. - Because of that whore. - I still don't understand the cake, and how the writing got on the cake, and why the mom, I still don't get it. - In seventh grade do you know that she let the whole varsity and junior varsity team do things to her? - In high school I had the nickname miss Headquarters. You know what I'm sayin'? - He was giving (bleep) for 25 cents. - Excuse me, it was a quarter, it was not 25 cents. It was a quarter. - This is why you should've went to college instead of working for your mother. - Anastasia Ragu, Fettulini Alfredo, Penne Vodka Pasta, you are a nasty slut and a whore. - Oh my god, bitch. - [Anna Mae] Bitch. - You raggedy, you raggedy bitch. (audience screaming) - Somebody get me a piece of cake. Tony! - Hashtag, that bitch got beat with a cake. - This is real buttercream. Never mess with my daughter. - Anastasia, over here. - You never disrespect my daughter. - It was supposed to be red velvet. - Zip it. Alexis, you. Anastasia, you. Approach the bench. Believe it or not, I have been called a whore. I've been called a slut. I have been called a trollop. But my girlfriends and I, can I tell you how we used to make up? We'd make out. So why don't you guys give it a shot. Just make out, it'll make it all better. (upbeat music) (audience cheering) - Case dismissed. Love wins. Monique better pray to Jesus Christ of latter day saints that the judges are judging us on individual parts because Monet and Latrice are just a hot mess. It's a hot (bleep) mess. - [Announcer] Welcome back to Jersey Justice. The hair is big, the nails are sharp, and the rulings are ridiculous. This is the plaintiff. She's suing an entertainer for $1 million for being a snook-a-like. - Where's the other one? - [Plaintiff] She's always late. - Listen, I got a tanning appointment, we gotta wrap, let's just get this started. - Sure. - Great. What's your name? - My name is... Fisha Pice. - Tell me Fisha, whatcha doing here? - I have three lovely daughters at home that look up to me, and I wanted to do something nice for their birthday, and they love Snooki. So, I got my pool boy Ronnie to show me how to get on the faces of book. - Uh-huh. - And I messaged Snooki and I invited her over for some lasagna and $2,500, just to, you know, casually hang out with my daughters. - So where's it all go wrong? - She comes in three hours past when she's supposed to be there, you judge. And she looks a hot mess. - It says here you're suing for a million dollars. - She embarrassed me in front of my community. I got snookered by Snooki. - All right, well you know what? I'm about to throw this case out the window. I don't got time for this. - Sorry I'm late. - Oh. - Sorry I'm late. - [Announcer] This is the defendant. She claims she's innocent, and that the plaintiff misread the situation. - Well look who finally decided to show up in our courtroom. - Valentina's look, oh my god amazing. Girl, she looked like she just left a strip club, had one too many tequilas, and a few whiskey shots, okay. She's that girl. Stunning. - I am the OG Snooki, look at me. From Secaucus. - She looks like a se-coff-acus. - Oh, yes? - She's nothing like she is on TV. - Snooki tell me your story. - Okay. So I work at the Kitty Cat Patty Wack, you know, I work there, I strip there, I live there. And now this whore wants to sue me for one million dollars. - You're lucky I don't ya. - You say you're the OG Snooki. I happen to know a lot about Jersey shore. So let me ask you some questions. What is GTL stand for? - Giant Titty Ladies. - She's wrong. - She's wrong. What is the female version of a Guido called? - Cheeto. - No! Wrong. - I use it to contour. - We can see that ya bitch. - Okay Snooki, if you're the real Snooki, show me some identification. - Oh. Well what do you know your honor, I don't know the rules, do I give it to you or to him? - What do you got there? - Well, it's my birth certificate. Here's a fax. What do you know, bada bing, bada boom. - Let me take a look at that. Birth certification, Snooki McSnookowitz. Date of birth, 1985. The real Snooki was born in 1987. You are the OG Snooki. - Well, whad'ya know. - That's a lie, your honor. - Bada bing, bada boom. - I call contempt. - Come take a look. Totally legit. (audience gasps) - Oh you (bleep) whore! - You bitch! - You look like (bleep) Joan Rivers you (bleep) whore. - You ungrateful, oil slick trap, I'm gonna kill you! (audience cheering) - Stop it, stop it right now, stop it. Stop it! Order in the court. (audience laughing) God bless the garden state. - All right, we're gonna see if we can get a word from the litigants as they leave the courtroom here. So, you brought a case against this lady right here, are you happy with the decision? - No, absolutely not. - [RuPaul] How do you feel about it? - I feel good. I just won a million dollars. - Okay, I think she believes she won a million dollars. Listen, will you ever bring a case against anybody in New Jersey ever again? - Absolutely not, I'm going to take care of it myself, the old fashion way. - All right, thank you ladies. Thank you very much. - Can you go get my car sweetheart, thank you. - Oh sure, thank you. Thank you very much. Just remember, if you break the law, don't do it in Jersey. if you stay freddy you ain't got to get ready trinity a little club soda will take that right out what the hell i guess it's today satan back from the dead looking for head zombie realness she is dying to get married oh man arrested yes um there's a shampoo for that jujube yes can't decide if this is a trick or a treat it's a trick first up willem not willem dafoe no not william default and not william no well i am very westwood too only one boob though yeah the other one got lost in the apocalypse as i'm walking down the runway i'm trying to give them some 90s supermodels fs titties hair hair gas mask cloudy with a chance of acid rain i like the gas mask on the back of her head it's very two-faced willem's a real gas up next fifi o'hare two queens enter one queen leaves yes ma'am is that a dream catcher covering her private parts yes i knew it looked fierce i knew that my outfit could not be touched i felt like all the attention was on me i was just ready to serve it to all the judges i think that's a honey badger on her shoulders maybe we do need another hero we might just need another hero santino lashawn beyond unless shawn be hot yes ma'am she's got the whole world on her head i thought a giant chicken laid an egg up there i live for what i put down the wrong way i had the world on my head and my post-apocalyptic couture costume it was sick thing now i wonder if she can get cable tv with that on her head chad michaels oh how chic she could walk a mile for a camel toe real fish caught in a net i'm a perfectionist it's something i pride myself on i'm feeling very confident i love what i'm wearing very post-apocalyptic diva and i'm feeling really really good very lawrence of my labia up next the princess wow wow clown slippers like a life jacket yes queen overboard i'm giving the judges waterworld couture i feel like they're really living for what i'm serving i love it in case of emergency your scarf can be used as a flotation device kenya michaels oh oh oh she's a phoenix guys firebird she's so bloody tall  that one i feel amazing i feel on fire i'm fuego that moment i remember for all my life cock-a-doodle-doo little kim in the house something's sprouting back there her garden is in full bloom latrice royale yes she is oh it's latrice from whoville yes mama i'm the trees so of course i stumped it on out and i'm giving big girls sexy showing all my curves and swerves and giving a little face give a little attitude and a lot of ass yes beyond thunderthought serve honey a queen for all seasons elisa summers she's got goggles up there apparently she's going skiing i hate when drag queens have bigger boobs than me i'll say the hills are alive i'm giving them sexy i'm giving them dominatrix and i'm on top of the world there's no feeling like that ever she's an all-terrain tv something all-terrain vajayjay that's right paris london tokyo milan this is an infected betsy johnson right yes it is love is a battlefield i'm serving the judges savage beauty i'm feeling ferocious i'm ready to attack milan is burning now let this be a lesson to all of us don't smoke in bed next up jiggly caliente oh look she's got a leg up on the other girls yes she does apparently hoarding is the new black i'm in the runway and my adrenaline is on fire everything is pulsating through me and i'm like oh here we go  let me show you plus-size supermodel she's one hot potato and she seals in her natural juices adida ritz work barbie yes legs for days i'm doing my runway is sickening i am definitely channeling naomi i am chilling giselle i'm feeling it you know everything tastes better when it sits on adida ritz with thighs like that you better ask somebody crack is whack [Music] oh madam the queer looks like my leftovers last night give her an inch she'll take a foot take that betty rubble i'm serving attitude and i feel so great like i have never felt before in my life the entree of the evening fillet of souls goes great with some toe jam all right for sharing needles oh look at those eyes nose ferratutu oh she's bleeding dead woman oh my goodness somebody call a dentist i hope she's wearing a dental dam coming down the runway the best part was slowly letting out a giant mouthful of fake blood all over my body and that's when i really saw roo's eyebrow it's a disco blood bath anyone told her about fluoride toothpaste gingivitis never looks so good [Music] when we get together [Music] yeah every queen has her kryptonite eye but i got brains and you ain't that bright when we get together it's good versus evil good versus evil good versus [Applause] [Laughter] avengers release the kraken my name is chadissa michaels ooh gorgeous lady in red i'm from little cooch arkansas while working at the sugar walls clinic a chemical contaminant infused me with super tightening powers of vaginal rejuvenation work that dress mama by day i'm an esthetician but at night i transform into fire crotch wow she's a torch slinger my mission is to keep the sugar walls of the world tight and right yes my super powers are flying coochie lifting lasers and hot brazilian waxes call fema because our cooch is on fire they won't show up to activate my super powers i say don't hesitate vaginal rejuvenate what a flamer my name is chanel soos i grew up in nipple junction tennessee while working in a hospital lab radiation infused my brain with magnetic lactation abilities black widow kiss of the spider woman by day i'm a mammographer but at night i transform into lactation oh yes pure evil my master plan is to douse the fire crotch's mission my powers are supersonic speed and death rays from my breasts oh it's getting a little nippy in here yes it is i activate my evil powers by saying areolas activate hard nipples lactate oh tweak it my name is jujube i'm from the planet solaris miss laos in the house a solar eclipse shot solaris to earth causing me to become a bronze goddess bronze beauty glamorama by day i'm a beauty consultant but at night i transform into melanina oh i love the hairdryer yes my super powers are the magical ts gun tuesday to activate my super powers i say no blinded me with science that's her sun guy and those are her sun buns my mission is to bring a bronze glow to every human being fierce solid color ginger snap my name is raven i grew up on the planet solaris [Music] one day my planet shot to the earth during a solar eclipse causing me to lose all pigment in my skin taylor thing in the house that looked to my heart tell her to my heart only told half the story her ass tells the rest yes by day i'm a fashion photographer but at night i transform into sofia fierce oh wow something wicked this way comes my master plan is to dominate the world by throwing shade from the cuffs on my wrist power cuffs yes the cuffs of doom i activate my evil powers by saying throw me  she's got some haunted hills right behind her uh-huh this is a battle of good versus evil and i'm going to win wow katya something seems really fishy here i think we're gonna need a bigger boat i'm summoning up my best tara read in sharknado i've got the stringy blonde hair and i'm feeling the shark week fantasy they both have fabulous mouths yes and they both unhinge at the jaw ginger minge looks like she suffered a grisly death ah i am serving you baby bear realness honey i give a little spin i strike a little pose i give a little growl somebody's got their claws done she's bringing bear back you go growl laguardia newark kennedy davenport kennedy fried chicken is she a chicken or  kiddie that's a girl after the night of hooking i got attacked and thrown in the fire and crystallized so i come out a fierce glamazon drag queen honey a morality tale do not go to tijuana for your plastic surgery now max the ghost of drag present i'm doing a jilted lover she's stuck in purgatory as a ghost because she committed suicide by cutting out her own heart it's very tragic you know a little club soda will take that right out now that's a heart-stopping look organ donor realness candy hoe queen of the damned i want to smell your vive i am feeling fierce right now just a sexy vampire i think she was fang bang to death if she's lucky kristen stewart is eating her heart out miss fame oh i wonder what's running through her head right now living i've been captured by the bride of the man that i've been having an affair with and  got me with a blade through the skull she's got a splitting headache the last time i'll eat it benihana pearl oh oh my safe word is whiplash walking's difficult with the new legs i'm feeling like all of my bones are going to give out at any given moment and some poor janitor is going to have to sweep up my cremains you should really stop at the second facelift yeah it's quite enough at least she had the ribs removed jaden dior fierce orange is the new drag i think she's looking really ripped what had happened was i got put in jail and then i tried to escape to go see my baby daddy and i didn't quite make it over that fence it is criminal to look that good uh-huh she rises from the dead once a month to meet her parole officer violet tchotchke oh my god i'm numb from the waist down tuck included i really could die  i'm giving you realness she's got a smaller waist than barbie wow don't sneeze honey it's all gonna pop amazing work now wow sasha velour clown in a gown i want a jumbo jack fry i'm really enjoying this freaky high fashion clown character it's so true to the club kids spirit marcel mar no she better don't cry out loud shay coulee serving lee bowery that swimsuit's so tight i can read her lips it's like a pearl necklace around your mouth she really sunk her teeth into this challenge i am bringing you twisted club kid royalty it's freaky but i know they into it is she giving me side eye i think she is just that one nina bonina brown anderson lee your aorta is showing i'm serving skeletor bad  and i walked backwards on the wrong way so honey nina going to brown is the first to walk backwards on the runway so assuming now that's a party monster valentina i didn't know there was a sars outbreak in mexico the running of the queens tonight i'm very espanola looking like a matador with these nails and this luxury and this fabulous sparkle like this is what i would do as a club kid she's putting the hoe in old el paso trinity taylor fifth element realness i've never actually seen a lady with blue balls i'm giving you alien robotic venereal disease realness there is no beauty queen here honey that ass it's okay the k should wear off in about 15 minutes peppermint how many licks does it take bdsm lollipop guild my runway look is a mix between the exquisite lee bowery and the genius klaus nominee curiously strange oh that was refreshing [Laughter] alexis michelle i can see her trapezoid oh i think this is the perfect outfit to be weighed in at the doctor's office i'm not used to showing my body like this so this feels really empowering i am serving body i'm serving sex and i am serving graphic art i see her bridge and tunnel thank you i'm cameron michael's evil twin katrina michaels beast cameron michaels thinks she's so pretty but come on she's really two-faced and both of them are busted and ugly if cameron michaels expects to become america's next drag superstar she better wake up and smell the poppers because face it when people hear cameron michaels they think dude in a dress i'm eureka's evil twin you filthy or eureka saying she's beautiful and funny but come on she's really a disgusting fat whale that only makes jokes about food and her size face it when people hear eureka they think oh my god she's gonna dominate the conversation and simply annoy everyone with her desperate needs for acceptance hey eureka you come from nothing and you ain't never gonna be nothing apply for disability and food stamps and give up already what a filthy  i'm miss crackers evil twin miss crumbs miss cracker thinks she's a comedy barbie but come on she's more like a bratz doll and her so-called comedy is just a few puns that she stole from bob the drag queen because spaces when people talk about miss cracker they say she's a copycat who faked her way to the middle as miss crackers inner saboteur i have one thing to say she better work on blending that jawline i mean come on ladies and gentlemen boniva i'm aquarius evil twin sabatina aquaria thinks she's perfect she's beautiful she looks like linda how gross face it when people hear aquaria they think of what a lonely awkward and isolated diva she is i think she's starting to crack and my destructive power is growing and growing as aquarius inner saboteur i have one thing to say kill the  [Applause] [Laughter] i knew joan crawford was scary but i am asia o'hara's evil twin north korea asia thinks she's the first  that had the money to go buy herself some teeth but come on she's really just a middle-aged man living in a 21 year old's fantasy covered in a layer of cheap rhinestones if asia o'hara expects to be america's next drag superstar she better drop the smiles and glitter crap and start being the self-indulged pot belly hole that everybody knows that she is as asia's inner saboteur i have one thing to say stick your old stank booty washed up pageant ass down this is clearly miss cracker season i can see her demilitarized zone [Music] welcome to the monster ball category is trampy trick-or-treater up first akiria c davenport oh michelle your jailer's here when a lot of girls think sexy they run to a nurse or something like that i wanted to see if i can make a dealer who sits behind a poker table looks sexy and i actually did that and i brought the poker table oh i'd go all in on that table i'm more of a slot guy i heard vanessa vangee mateo now with wings my trippy trick-or-treater concept is the very first all-inclusive victoria's secret model i'm an all-white fully stoned real av crystal this angel got a secret it's miss vanjie fly me to the poon yes yes tiara oh look it's lady bunny's attractive sister i am a sexy playboy bunny right out the cover my body looks like a literal hourglass this outfit is like my favorite outfit ever that is one yummy rabbit but where is her carrot that wasn't bunny scarlet envy walk the plank my trampy trick-or-treater is stomping the plank and she's ready to dive in she's a real captain hooker nina west oh her venus fly traps open this is one of my very favorite looks inspired by the legendary little shop of horrors this is the quintessential nina west look it has high camp it's also high dragged i couldn't really see back there but now i can suddenly see more raja o'hare hey kitty girl i thought i talked buddy cat i am most definitely serving you pink  the house down boots and when i say boot you already know what that means sci-high boots yes ma'am now i would love to chase that tail sugar cane is it the showgirl is it a harem girl what the hell is it my trappy trick-or-treater is a sexy troll doll i'm giving you full pastel body color with the bodysuit i have the troll hair she's giving you bejeweled burlesque realness honey ever wonder what happened to smurfette brooklyn heights oh she seems so wrapped up in herself those points i mean so gorgeous it feels amazing to use my dance training in the runway i don't think there's ever been a mummy on point on the main stage at rupaul's drag race don't you just hate it when the neighbor kids tp or drag queen yes ariel versace now you've heard of monet exchange this is her cousin needles exchange i'm the only punk rock pvc silent hill nurse each syringe represents every time i've got my goddamn lips and cheeks done so as you can imagine there's a lot of syringes on my shoulders you could prick me anytime well do you want it in the ass or in the shoulders oh that's what he said i just love bloody patent leather don't you evie oddly it's sarah jurassic parker straight from t sex in the city yes oh no you know what they say about small hands little kid me love dinosaurs i thought i was gonna be a paleontologist i wanted to hit on that a little bit this is a children's halloween costume that i've cut the armholes out of and then i've attached dinosaur claws to my cute dino pumps this look is dino mite now ross is it dinosaur weekend in palm springs yet [Laughter] um i can get you tickets silky nutmeg ganache unicorn frappuccino now that unicorn is horny how do you just happy to see me i am wearing a white sequined jumpsuit with pink cutouts this is only for the grown and sexy so if you ain't grown and sexy draw on the line honey follow all the way back shantae you name it category is which leads first up akaria c davenport edgar allen baby i'm trying to give y'all charlize theron and snow white and the huntsman i'm a witch that you kind of want to be with her because you want a piece but you know she's deadly well she really went out on a limb with that bird it's nice to see her branching out vanessa vangie mateo well this really proves that black is the new black i know they liking this interpretation because i didn't do the regular dagger party city style which i'm taking into a high couture runway with a fascinator for the subtleties this witch is rich  which better have my money plastique tiara maleficentational angelina eat your heart out i'm maleficent asian sister i'm singed for the gods i'm giving them face for days i am feeling my full maleficent glamour mirror mirror on the wall who's the fiercest switch of all scarlet envy somebody likes to roll around in the hay hey my concept is a fire island witch she is beachy she's kind of swampy and she's giving you pants on the runway and feeling magical welcome to rupaul's hag race [Laughter] nina west well hello pilgrim my look is inspired by a good old-fashioned salem witch with flames coming up the dress as if i'm being burned with a steak i am serving old school witch like literally from like 15 10. somebody call the fire brigade paging arthur miller abigail raja o'hara this outfit inspires oohs and odds i'm selling you witch please straight outta eyes head to toe emerald green with purple accented hair it looks good on me why it's a regular emerald teddy sugar cane she's been framed that kind of makes me want a bloody mary i am bloody mary urban legend spooky queen snatching up all the kids from the mirror honey i am giving you latex dripping blood tattered victorian lace dress and my teeth are all nasty and rotted out i'm living for this look hey sugar cane how's your head say it el vira say it haven't had any complaints yet brooklyn heights she is totally two-faced totally uh my eyes are up here and here this look is inspired by the enchantress from suicide squad and oddly enough the enchantress from suicide squad cara delevingne is our guest judge this week it's amazing i'm really hoping she gets the reference skull and bone me hey wait a minute isn't that my opening costume [Laughter] ariel versace bella hadid someone stole your glasses i am am i witch please i'm giving you a little bit of meryl streep from into the woods miley cyrus from can't be tamed avant-garde very like posh it's ariel witch michelle have you ever seen the witches of beasts evie oddly coven girl put the base in your wall for this look i wanted to make sure that i'm clearly reading his witch but with a fashion twist all the other witches in her coven were jealous so they put this curse on her but it's not gonna stop her from having a good time who said women call reverse silky nutmeg ganache nobody beats the wiz i am doing a homage to black cinema the wiz as evilly the wicked witch of the west don't you bring miss evilly no bad news he's on down the runway girl yay say hi to gail for me [Music] category is milf eleganza monsters i'd like to freak first up a curious c davenport oh you know i've seen her on the web called the exterminator tonight i am the queen of the spiders i patted my body so that she definitely has a butt that you won't mind taking a ride on definitely freakable you won't sound a curious c davenport from harlot's web i love that book vanessa vangie mateo her milkshake brings all the boys to the graveyard i hope the bird doesn't have an accident my look is inspired by vanity six meet apocalyptic damn hoe if vanjie was supposed to be dead this is how she would do it i would still look sickening i would have my plunger neckline showing skin my hair is still quite i got my tombstone on my head because i want you to know who i am this is sexy dead to the teeth hey vandy how's your head stoned plastique tiara i love a queen who's always smiling let's get sickling my monster i like to freak it's plastic deaf goddess glamour the makeup is paying homage to how i started out in drag being drawn to that more conceptual more creepy spooky makeup i hope the judges can appreciate i'm trying to do something different she's so handsy we got to give her a hand or two scarlet envy ladies and gentlemen the shape of wigwater wait isn't that roomba's mom this outfit is definitely high fashion meets classic cinema the creature from the black lagoon meets the new york city catwalk darling i feel weird i feel fashion i feel timeless now you read about all the mercury and fish but this is ridiculous nina west oh look how pretty it's a gash a monster gash this is a look that i am very proud of i've got this house of wax the vibe where my face is falling off and underneath is this cade deformed woman crawling out of the grave looking for her long lost love i feel so alive and dead in this look honey your lipstick is smeared love it raja o'hara oh look at the size of that snake that's her trouser snake that's the longest snake i've ever seen before the onion was fun my milk eleganza look is the bone collected raja loves to suck a good bow i'm wearing this thickening pair of pants made of fur and then i grew on some paces i am serving you skeleton drag queen realness hey when you finish the runway could you slip by my house and snake my drain sugarcane somebody forgot their bikini wax working the merkin i'm feeling a sexy wife of satan milf she is giving you body feathers and bones and full 70s merkin i think i'm freakable she's so la now in la ram that's a football reference michelle have you heard my new song it's called i am american american brooklyn heights to see that one [Laughter] citizen kane i am a black widow this  has buried like five husbands my look is an off-the-shoulder gown with this black tool wafting around me almost like smoke i feel dark it feels spooky i feel sexy get these mama snakes off his mother stays ariel versace areola the little mermaid now i know why she calls herself ariel [Laughter] so a mermaid and tinkerbell went into a bar and the rest is history she is a creature from the jersey shore covered in scales i know these other queens are green with envy yes what's that perfume you're wearing catch of the day evie oddly she must be a fellow brit with those teeth yeah my look is this fashion forward eleganza voodoo dolphin i've got pieces of frogs and old hands stuck in my hair and my face has got stitches and a big old button eye she's serving lace lace legs [Laughter] and now in a scene from macbeth dr ganache out ouch damn spot i am a red she devil red mermaid gown with leather and fur hugs all my curves and i changed up my makeup through my beauty i wanted to show a little beast i hope those judges are horny to see me elmo for later years first up the reverend doctor silky nutmeg ganache michelle i think this is a rage sugar cane my fair-skinned lady my foreskin lady brooklyn heights that is a horse i would like to ride trojan for your pleasure nina west her nickname is dot her favorite dance is the polka banj she's dropped deadpool gorgeous rapunzel throw it on your hair plastique tiara why's it gotta be black licorice akira c davenport somebody call her a lift send me the name of your surgeon evie oddly i'm pretty sure she's a bottom feeder first up blue hydrangea oh guys she's out on the lash i am serving you big eye realness over the years drag queens have just been painting their eyes bigger and bigger and bigger so by the year 3000 their head is just a massive eyeball what are you looking at the headpiece is foam the dress is a new cheer fabric with lace embellishments with lovely red fringe i've got my eye on the prize jerry the eye is the window to the hole that's not a happy hole we all have a happy hole jerry up next bag of chips do difference mom i am serving this lovely beautiful black catsuit sexy superhero realness get out my way  baggers here mask for mask fighting the super gonorrhea virus gonorrhea eleganza beam me up  up next cheryl hall take that look off your space very good we're messing up the planet guys we can't breathe out our mouths so what do we have to do we have to breathe out of our belly buttons now this look isn't quintessential shares but to be honest there's lots of girls in essex to have tubes coming out of here there and everywhere i'm serving the future and the future is bright i think she took the tube here ah good one up next something wong what i'm serving is sexy cyborg my body in a red catsuit platform shoes all the way up to my thigh my face is painted like i'm missing bits put on a new face and inject your lips with more filler coffee tea or botox don't do it don't do it oh no oh more more up next davina decampo she's like a jealous mermaid uh-huh i am bringing a sparkly mussy plant human cross hybrid creature i think they botched your boob job [Laughter] everybody's got slightly wonky ticks kids it's a fact of life my asteroids are playing up i score that up next crystal flash dance the apocalypse i'm serving dystopian mutant drag queen this look has everything i'm wearing handmade prosthetics the mouth stretcher is decorated with the teeth of my victims i'm serving jerry mutant spice in this look and she looks terrified her grinder's blowing up yes i'm giving them fire crotch through her actual  on fire [Music] oh she's gonna split her difference stop it use a real gynecologist like the rest of us up next the vivian beaker i don't even know her my weird science look is giving you floral humanoid who's been injected with photosynthetic dna they're trying to live forever but it's kind of gone a bit wrong i've got shoes the whole katsu all the flowers in just the right places i'm wearing full prosthetics on my face i've changed the silhouette of my head so i am giving this everything i've got i think it's safe to say that no one wants to wake up in a brown onesie [Laughter] first up jujube oh my god you guys we found the missing link [Laughter] she's definitely got a point yeah this look has a broken heart but it's healing and when i take the mask off you see there's still emotion behind this monster and these shoes are 10 inches and i can only take seven on a good day she has such a checkered past and a present jester i barely know her i do declare less saint claire somebody's getting some tail tonight you guys she's spotting i'm giving you feline cat fantasy meets the blair sinclair experience i have a velcro harness on and who does not want a tail this is my alice in wonderland cheshire cat on ass perfect for a party rave this is what my cat thinks it looks like no dalmatians or muppets were harmed in the making of this costume oh he's the one miss cracker and what is she crowing about edgar allan home my look today is a post-apocalyptic steampunk death mask and underneath is this very sexy woman who's here to seduce anyone that sees her i've heard of a scarecrow this is a sharecrow snap out of it do you believe in the apocalypse jay coulee joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat the gay years scam money don't make money but freak money do i'm serving you some 90s raver realness hand-dyed mongolian lamb coat my beautiful bondage cookie monster platform shoes my pupils are real huge and i'm just dancing to the music having a good ass time she is schooling the kids with those pupils the heels have eyes. -- Let's get this disco ball rolling'. Now, prance, I said! (upbeat jazzy music) (triumphant music) Act one of "No RuPaulogies", starring team Jinkx Monsoon. (classical music) I was born a poor black child. (baby crying) My mama, Ernestine swore like a truck driver. His name is RuPaul Andre Charles, and he's gonna be a star 'cause ain't another mother (beep) alive with a name like that. (RuPaul laughing) And dammit, maybe, just maybe, mama was right. (classical music) I loved playing dress up as a kid. Then one day I saw the Supremes on "The Ed Sullivan Show." My eye went straight to the girl in the middle. I couldn't stop watching her. She was my idol. And I've been singing Diana Ross songs in the mirror ever since. (sweeping orchestral music) (dramatic piano music) (triumphant trumpet music) At 21, my pal, Lady Bunny, and I ran away to New York City. (triumphant trumpet music) (laughing) With a pussycat wig, a pair of cha cha heels and a dream. We became the toast of the town. (RuPaul laughing) Well, at least the lower east side. And we partied like there was no tomorrow, and there almost wasn't. (triumphant music) (laughing) (triumphant music) (RuPaul laughing) (triumphant music) (RuPaul laughing) (audience applauds) - The next team better not slip on all that peeing on the stage because we pissed all over this competition. - Act two of "No RuPaulogies" starring team Coco Montrese. I can't wait to see how this turns out. (classical music) Superstardom was so close, I could taste it, but there was a war raging, a battle between me and myself. I hit rock bottom. I had two choices, to die or die trying. (classical music) (RuPaul gasps) (audience applauds) Brava! Flash forward, the 90s. (classical music) You better work. Supermodel, TV, films, and then my forever came today. My idol, Diana Ross, invited me to work with her. (classical music) It took me a lifetime to get here, and honey, I wasn't going anywhere. (classical music) (audience applauds) - Honey was just kind of dead, and I was carrying around some extra blubber. (classical music) - All my dreams have come true. So I've decided to spread the love and to find America's next drag superstar. The charisma uniqueness, nerve and talent is overflowing. (heavenly triumphant music) (audience applauds) (classical music) ♪ Hallelujah ♪ As I watched over my legendary children, mama is watching over me, (RuPaul laughing) whispering in my ear, "Good luck baby, and don't (beep) it up." (heavenly music) (audience applauds) Brava, brava! - I'm here in the FormDecor lounge, and the queens are ready to let you have it. First up, doing the Charleston twerk, it's Kennedy Davenport and Pearl. (lively jazz music) (record scratches) (hip hop music) ♪ All up in the club ♪ ♪ I'm makin' money, money, money, money ♪ ♪ Walkin' down the street I'm makin' ♪ ♪ Money, money, money, money ♪ ♪ When I shake my ass I'm makin' ♪ ♪ Money, money, money, money ♪ ♪ Even when I sleep I'm makin' ♪ ♪ Money, money, money, money ♪ (lively jazz music) ♪ I want your ♪ ♪ Money, money, money, money ♪ ♪ Money, money, money, money ♪ ♪ Money, money, money, money ♪ ♪ Money ♪ ♪ Mo, mo, mo, mo ♪ ♪ Money, money, money, money ♪ ♪ Money, money, money, money ♪ ♪ Money, money, money, money ♪ ♪ Money, money, money, money ♪ (record winds down) (lively jazz music) (audience applauds) Back in the FormDecor lounge. We're getting ready for a hoedown. Dancing the country robot it's Ginger Minj and Trixie Mattel. (country music) (electronic music) ♪ Strawberry, kiwi, peach ♪ ♪ Tongue-tied, slur your speech ♪ ♪ Cherry, grape, lemon, lime ♪ ♪ Lick it slow, take your time ♪ ♪ Strawberry, kiwi, peach ♪ ♪ Tongues tied, slur your speech ♪ (record winds down) (country music) ♪ Lollipop, lollipop, lollipop ♪ ♪ I'll let you lick it ♪ (electronic music) ♪ Lollipop, lollipop, lollipop ♪ ♪ I'll let you lick it ♪ ♪ Lollipop, lick, lick, lollipop ♪ ♪ Lolli, lolli, lollipop, lollipop ♪ ♪ I'll let you ♪ (country music) (glass shatters) (audience applauds) Back in the FormDecor lounge, grab a Rose and strike a pose. Doing the tango Vogue, it's Violet Chachki and Katya. (tango music) (electronic music) (tango music) (electronic music) ♪ Can I get ♪ ♪ Can I get it to go? ♪ ♪ Can I get, can I get it to go? ♪ (electronic music) ♪ Can I get, can I get it to go ♪ ♪ Can I get, can I get it to go ♪ (electronic music) (record winds down) (tango music) (audience applauds) - It's the "RuPaul's Drag Race" Cheer Battle Extravaganza! RuPaul's Glamazons versus the B-52 Bombers (air horn blasting) - Roll call! - I'm Aja, I'm sassy. - I'm Nina, I'm assy. - I'm Shea, I'm flirty. - I'm Sasha, I'm dirty. - I'm Charlie, I'm boozy. - I'm Jaymes, excuse me. - I'm Alexis, I'm a floozy. (judges laughing) - [Glamazons] We are RuPaul's Glamazons, got our tucking panties on. Our beat is unstoppable, our wigs are unclockable. (air horn blasting) - All right, work it. Work it, all right. - B-52 Bombers let's go! I'm Cucu, I'm nutty. - I'm Kimora, I'm slutty. - I'm Eureka, I'm wacky. - I'm Trinity I'm tacky. - I'm Farrah, thorny. - I'm Peppermint, I'm corny. - I'm Valentina, I'm also corny. (laughing) - [Bombers] Our lobsters are rockin', our love is in the shack. We're roamin' 'cause we wanna, so haters step back. - [Glamazons] B-50 who? Not as cool as Ru. RuPaul is more fierce than Kate could ever be. More woman than Fred, and more man than Cindy. (judges laughing) - RuPaul is shameless selling candy bars and more. (gasps) She even had perfume and it was called Whore. (laughing) - Yeah! - [Glamazons] Your beehives' busted, your songs are too slow. You should go retire in a private Idaho. (groaning and laughing) - And it's time for the tumbling passes. (whistle blows) (electronic music) (laughing) - Wow. (electronic music) (laughing) - Gag, big girl, come on bitch, yes. (laughing) Holy (beep). I land, and I feel my knee pop, but I knew there was no way I was stoppin'. Bitch, I'm on a roll. (cheering and laughing) - Well, now that was impressive. (electronic music) - Valentina surprised me. I feel a little bit like, oh my god, I chose her last. (laughing) But she came to slay. (electronic music) (laughing) - Oh my god. - Ms. Jaymes, girl. (electronic music) (cheering) (laughing) - Whoa. - There we go. - Woo! (air horn blasts) - Now the ladies will move on to the group dance. ♪ Are you ready ♪ (electronic music) (judges laughing) (electronic music) - Go girls! - Woo! Hey! - Here we go! (electronic music) (groaning and cheering) - Five, six, seven, eight. - [All] Glamazons, Bombers, the battle rages on. This cheer ain't over, now bring it on! (dramatic music) - When I get all the way up at the top I feel like, "Yes, I'm a cheerleader!" - Oh my god. (screaming) (laughing) (dramatic music) (cheering) - The judges are gonna have a tough time scoring this one. I feel bad for them. Oh wait, I'm a judge, oh. (triumphant music) - [RuPaul] Ladies, quick poll. Raise your hand if you believe in climate change. (audience clapping) - [Alyssa] It's real sunny up here, but I do like a little bit of shade. (laughing) - Well there you have it. (cheering) 97% of scientists and four out of four Drag Race judges agree. The shade is big. ♪ Is big, is big, is big, is big, is big, is big ♪ (electronic music) (cheering) Shade. ♪ Is big ♪ (cheering) - I can't do it because reading you is like reading the Walt Disney book, it's simply too easy. (gentle music) - I'm fixin' to call you up. - I hate backstabbing bitches ♪ Bitches, bitches ♪ - I'm fixin' to call you up. (gentle classical music) - Beauty face! (laughing) ♪ Beauty face, beauty face ♪ - Dumb is forever! (cheering) ♪ Don't be throwin' no shade, sir ♪ (electronic music) ♪ Don't, don't be throwin' no shade, shade ♪ ♪ No shade, sir ♪ - All right (cheering) - Oh, I see where this is goin'. ♪ Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't ♪ ♪ Don't, don't, don't, don't ♪ ♪ Don't, don't, don't, don't, ♪ ♪ Don't, don't, don't, don't, ♪ ♪ Don't, don't, don't, don't ♪ (cheering) (electronic music) (cheering) ♪ Don't be throwin' no shade, sir ♪ - [RuPaul] And you! (dramatic music) (laughing) Legendary you think you are. (dramatic music) Looks like leg and dairy. (laughing) ♪ Read, read, read, read ♪ ♪ For filth, filth ♪ (cheering) ♪ Read, read, read, read ♪ ♪ Read, read, read bitch ♪ (judges moaning) I want you to read these bitches. - [Bianca] Not today Satan, not today. (classical music) ♪ Bitch, you shady bitch ♪ (electronic music) (chanting) ♪ The shade ♪ ♪ Bitch, you shady bitch ♪ ♪ The shade ♪ ♪ Shade, I call shade ♪ ♪ Sh, sh, sh, shade, shade, shade ♪ ♪ Don't be shady, be a lady ♪ (laughing) (uplifting music) - [Aja] You're perfect, you're beautiful, you look like Linda Evangelista, you're a model. Everything about you is perfect. Did you stone those tights? Oh, you're smiling. They eat her up every single time. (electronic music) (cheering) - [Jasmine] No tea, no shade, no pink lemonade. (electronic music) ♪ No, no, no tea, no shade ♪ ♪ No, no, no pink lemonade ♪ ♪ No, no, no tea, no shade ♪ ♪ Aren't we we are all, bitch ♪ (electronic music) (cheering) ♪ Aren't we all, the shade ♪ (electronic music) ♪ No tea, no shade ♪ ♪ Aren't we all ♪ ♪ The shade, the shade ♪ (laughing and cheering) (triumphant music) - You know, we as gay people, we get to choose our family. We get to choose the people that we're around. You know what I'm sayin'? (laughing) I am your family. We are a family here. I love you. (fans snap) - [Vivacious] Mother has arrived! (uplifting music) ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ (uplifting music) (cheering) ♪ Because I am what ♪ ♪ Because I am what ♪ ♪ Because I am what ♪ (cheering) (fans snapping) (cheering) (fan snapping) - [Adore] Ganja, I didn't wanna make it that everybody was attacking you! (frenetic music) - [Laganja] I feel very attacked! (frenetic music) (cheering) ♪ Oo, girl ♪ ♪ She already done had herses ♪ (cheering) (electronic music) (laughing and cheering) (electronic music) (cheering) - [Jasmine] You gotta pop them corns so the kids can eat. (funky music) ♪ Gotta pop them corns ♪ (funky music) ♪ Gotta pop, pop, to feed the children ♪ (triumphant music) (judges laughing) - [Pearl] Is there something on my face? - [Valentina] I'd lik to keep it on please. (electronic music) (laughing) ♪ Please ♪ ♪ Please ♪ (electronic music) ♪ I'd like to keep it on ♪ (electronic music) ♪ Please, please ♪ (electronic music) ♪ I'd like to keep it on ♪ - [Tammie] And I don't see y'all out there walkin' children in nature. (electronic music) (cheering) ♪ Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch ♪ ♪ Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch ♪ ♪ Bitch, I am from Chicago ♪ (cheering and clapping) (electronic music) (cheering) - Boo, who cares? - I want people to realize that it's okay to make mistakes. It's okay to fall down. Get up, look sickening, and make them eat it. ♪ Eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it ♪ ♪ Eat it, eat it, eat it, eat it ♪ (electronic music) (cheering) ♪ Eat it ♪ (cheering and clapping) ♪ Feed, feed, feed, feed ♪ - [Jasmine] Feed the children. - - Now it's time to announce the winner of this year's Miss Congeniality. - Hi, I am Jorge Flores, AKA Nina flowers. Aw, You were just painted, painted out of your mind. I started like around five o'clock in the morning. - [Producer] Did you really? Yes, girl. I don't consider myself as a female impersonator. I like to be more androgynous. It's an extravaganza. - You are beautiful. - Oh, thank you. - You're really beautiful girl, - Thank you. Thank you. Whoa I get. Like whoa - This bitch is fierce. I can wait to see who else is coming to compete. - Hey fake ladies. - [All] Hi (laughing) - I'm Pandora box and I'm 30 (tongue clops) years old. Hey girls? - Hi, Jujubee. - I'm Pandora. Pandora is a definitely melting pot of different people. There's like a dash of Madonna, a sprinkle of Goldie Hawn, and a big chunk of Kathy Griffin thrown in there to just kind of like fuse it all together into this melted pot of goo that becomes Pandora. - [Producer] Do you sow? - I do sow. - (screams) Yes mum, - I made this. - You better watch, look at the... - Me and Ms. Pandora, we gonna be real good friends. - Hi? - Ah, hi. I'm Jada Sophia. I'm 26. I'm from Puerto Rico. I'm the Puerto Rican one. So I'm the Asian. - And what about you? - I'm LA, I'm Italian. - I'm familiar, also I'm black. - (laughing) - Everybody know who he's jealous of being Puerto Rico. And if you don't, I'm sorry darling, this is not your war. (upbeat music) - Oh yes. - (cheering) Wow, eat it. My name is Latrice Royale, 39 years of age. - Hi Molem? - Latrice. - I'll hold your bag for you. - Oh, I know you will. (screams) Whole team, whole team. - Ms.Thin campaigner and shit. Stones on her face and she was giving me all that. - Latrice Royale is large and in charge, chunky yet funky, wow. Bold and beautiful baby. Mmh. Girl (speaks foreign language) (laughing) - [Producer] The season four family. - Look at this here. (applauding) (upbeat music) - Hi ladies, hi? Oh my God. My name is Ivy winters, I'm 25 years old. - You're top is awesome. - Thank you. - Its so more tailored. - I make dresses out of cassette tape, paper cups, condoms. I will figure out a way to turn into a costume. And I used to work as a clown for like eight years. - We still do. - I still do. (laughing) (funky music) - Hi everybody, it's me, BenDeLaCreme. Oh, there's one. My name is BenDeLaCreme and I'm 31 years old. - BenDeLaCreme? - That's DeLA for short, DeLA for shorter, Ms. Creme, if you nasty. - Party. - BenDeLaCreme is efflorescent and optimistic. Wow, this is beautiful. They refer to her as terminally delightful, so positive. She could cause death at any moment. Well, I'm gonna park next to you, we're already the best of friends. - What's your sign. - Oh, I never got one of those. Bye bye season (speaks foreign language) Is this Russia? with love. My name is Yekaterina Petrovna Zamolodchikova but you can call me Katya. I'm on accident. And I'm just your average run of the mill Russian bisexual transvestite hooker. Is this the Schulman bar mitzvah? - (speaks foreign language) Hi? Katya is at the intersection of glamour and comedy and you can find her right on the corner selling her ass. - Is this Soviet union inspired? - That's actually my great grandma's army uniform. (laughing) (Drum beats) - How you doing Ms.Amore? Do you wanna see my kuku? - (laughs) - My name is Cynthia Lee Fontaine. How are you? I am from Puerto Rico, but I live in Austin, Texas y'all. I call myself between pageant queen and performer, Cause I do comedy, I do camping some times. - Sometimes? - Oh, you know.(giggles) And I'm sexy as a goddess is and funny as a clown. Are you ready for me? Oh my God. The room is huge. - All right. - Fantastic, So my kuku have a spanks. I need a space for this junk in the truck. (upbeat music) - Hello? It's me, Valentina. (speaks foreign language) Who am I? Valentina? I'm 25 years old. I'm from Echo Park, California. Sus. - Hey beauty? - Valentina, I'm Peppermint. - (speaks foreign language) My type of drag was very dramatic, very theatrical and always very Latina. I'm an undiscovered superstar. I've always dreamed of being in here. Here we are girlfriend. - Here we are girl. (jazz themed music) - Oh, don't mind me. I'm just here, to speak of the competition girl. I'm Monet X Change and you better get your currency in check bitch. Oh my God. What the - (screams) - You shading some(mumbles) Monet is a very fun effervescent personality of Charming. At least to any single men out there, I'm very charming. - What kind of drag do you do? - I'm a collectic, I'm excentric. - Versatile? - Versatile. - Good. - I like that. - Wow. - Eureka, you're never versatile. - (laughs) (upbeat music) - Welcome to season 11. It looks like things just got 11 June dairy. My name is Nina West and I am 39 years old. I'm the first one. I am a comedy queen. I have taken my influence as rum, the Muppets, Pee-wee Herman, Harvey Fierstein. Oh my God. I write my own shows and produce them. I won National Entertainer of the year with my legendary moving dress, that was copied by SIA. This is unbelievable. So if the Queens, if they know who I am, I think some are gonna go (beep sound)she is here. (upbeat music) - America, it's time to stop hiding in the closet. (screams) - What the (beep sound) is this bitch doing? - All right tongue power. - Okay. Is someone trying to come from my culture. It sounds a little bit like a Persian trill. I see you're not the only cunning linguist in this group here. (laughing) I am Heidi N Closet, I am 24 years of fabulousness. And I'm from Ramseur, North Carolina where the chicken outnumber the people. (chicken quacks) Heidi is serving her pimptrous outfit. I know I look good in my leprosy print. - (screams) - Halloo. - My drag is very SPF 100, sassy, professional, fierce. And she keeps it 100. - What kind of drugs do you do? - Well, she does more of just the performance queen. She's always ready to dance and twirl and kick and everything. The most important part to me in drag is to be entertaining. Cause if you're not entertaining, it's like watching the wall look dry. - [Producer] Paint dry? - Is that how you say it? - [Producer] Uh huh. - My Gosh, we're here. - Yeah, right. Isn't it crazy? - (screams) That's my mating call. Clearly, I'm single. (laughs). - - All right, I think we've heard enough ladies. While you untuck backstage, judges and I will deliberate. You may leave the stage. (tense music) - There are so many emotions running through my head right now, I'm angry that my outfit did not come across to the judges. I'm embarrassed that Michelle Visage was looking at my costume telling me that it looks homemade. And Todrick's telling me that I could do so much better. I just don't get it. (tense music) - This is a very unique feeling for me. I thought my outfit looked nice. The judges didn't say I looked bad, they just said it was boring. So at this point I'm concerned, because I feel like any mistake could put me in the bottom. - Everybody good? Happy happy? Here we go. - Got it. (tense music) (laughing and indistinct voices) - All right, so now I gotta get my girl's drink. - Cocktail, liquor. - Okay, Elena. - Just yours. - Oh. - One or two drinks. - It is a somber day in RuPaul's Drag Race girl. - Well that was a new one for us. - That was a new one. - Well you knew it was coming, I don't know why you all gagging, she do it every season. - Was it not new for us? - She bring it to you every season. - I just said new for us. Were you on last season and had to say who you wanted to go home? - Don't get mad at me 'cause I'm-- - I didn't get mad, I'm saying. - You sound mad. - I'm saying it was new for me. I'm usually screaming at the TV who I want to go home, I'm not up there on the runway saying it. - Yeah it's different in person ain't it? - Yeah. - Yeah, for real. How'd you guys all like your critiques? - I felt like they were really harsh on me. - They were very harsh on you. - I mean yeah the outfit does look like something you would buy at a store. I'll-- - It is very rainbow. - But I'll say at my shows my outfit is never the star of my show. - You're a performer. - But also it was a make an outfit challenge. - Yeah it was, it was. - Also I know you, and this is not your best. - Yeah. - Who do we think the two lip syncers are? - Definitely gonna be me. I think it's gonna be me. - I don't think you have any reason to be worried. - You're pulling some Thorgy (beep) right now. It's not gonna be you under any circumstances, because based on the fact that everyone else said you were bad, they liked you. It's not based on our critique, it's based on the judges' critiques. We're not gonna waste breath on you because you're safe, it's definitely me or Robbie, I thought they were-- - No. - No it's me and Robbie. - I mean no you for sure, but me or Robbie. - Robbie and I got the harshest critiques. They hated our outfits, apparently next time I need to hot glue my fashion together and then, the judges will like my drag. - I understand that y'all were working to the last minute, but I was afraid because Bob Mackie's here. - Marc Jacobs. - Marc Jacobs, whatever, whatever, Marc Jacobs, Bob Mackie, Calvin Klein, whoever, he's here-- - The designer. - And you know I'm not a high fashion queen. - You were really afraid to work outside of your skill set, and it almost seems like you're not interested in doing anything that you couldn't do before you got here. You were like, "Well I can't sew." (blows raspberry) And they were like, "Well like, I mean, try." And you're like, "Well I don't do that." We're like okay just try. - I did what I knew how to do. You know what I mean? - This is what frustrates me, is that I will always shoot further and then add along the way. That's why I'm always stressed out. You went right away like, "I'll just do something simple." - Because I had in my mind what I was gonna do. - Which is not the way I think, that's why I'm kind of envious of that. I would love to be like, "Oh well I know how to do this, "so let's just do that." And then run out there be like, "Well what do I do with my free time?" So it frustrates me, that's why I'm like I'm pissed off that I actually want so much more for myself. - Well so did we all, but-- - Exactly, I gave my all and what I knew. - Chi Chi I still remember the first day you sang you are an unconventional materials queen. - Unconventional.. - Yeah you did come in a really intricate like, his bodice you made that first day. - It was beautifully made. - I had plenty of time to think that out and execute that intricate work with trash bags, I had time to do that. I know I have to make two outfits so why would I sit up and waste a lot of time sewing them when I am the queen of hot glue. We had one freaking day to do these. - But you have the creativity in you you know, and you could've easily injected that creativity into your outfit. And 'cause I know you're capable of much more. - Yeah I didn't wanna sew anything either, but I pulled my machine out and I asked-- - And you didn't sew anything. - No I did, you didn't sew anything you hot glued. - I know, exactly. - So I have a hem everywhere. I sewed everything on here, everything, there's a stitch here, all the way down. - I hemmed it, oh but I hemmed, oh but I hemmed. - Everywhere you look there's a hem. - First of all your hems are bad, and you're wearing a piece of fabric around your waist. And you're calling it a skirt. Girl, you genuinely don't get it. - This is an executed decision. I did it well, and I'm proud of that, you're proud of your hot glue. I wouldn't be proud of hot glue. That's not something I do. (tense music) - Derrick were you shocked that people said your name? - I'm never shocked. I'm not surprised that I was named by the three people. I know that I've been a threat to Chi Chi from day one. Bob, oh surprise, that I'm competition and he wants me to go home. Naomi, as pretty as she is, I still feel like she looks at me as a threat. - Are you proud of this outfit? - I would loved to have done more. I would loved to have done more. - [Naomi] What would you have done? I'm just curious, just curious. - Well this I would have completely stabilized. The skirts are tearaway if they needed to be. But I always wanna do more, I'm like all of you that are creative. (tense music) (chatter) - It was so fun working with the girls. - I was just gonna mention-- - Yeah I know, I had a good time. - Did anybody not like working with their-- - Did anybody have drama? - I heard a lot of girls talking about your girl how she likes to start drama. - She was not like that at all. - No, every time I heard you guys talking, she sounded-- - I think-- - So nice. - She gave me so much positive-- - Yeah, she was really kind. - Energy-- - Is she a mom? - Yes she's a mom. - [Bob] She seemed like a mom. - And she just told me to stick with what I do, you know what I mean? - Your person seemed like such a-- - She was, so, she was great. - Like motherly spirit. - That's what I got from her. - My girl's such a beauty queen. - You had an odd pairing - I know that was a big stretch for you Bob. - I like her though. - Well I know one thing, if I gotta lip sync honey. - Can I say one thing gagged me, did anyone else wanna jump off their seat when Michelle goes, "I know how hard those "heels are to walk in." - And those shoes look very difficult to move in, 'cause it's that teeny tiny heel that comes to a point. Lot of slippin' going on. - Yeah. - I want to say, "These mother (beep)? "These shoes right here." - She was making a joke child. - [Bob] Oh I wanted to say, "Girl." - I wore these because-- - And she came for my shoes, I was like-- - My little woman's shoes were-- - She came for all of our shoes. - the exact, almost the exact same shoes, so why wouldn't I wear my Debbies honey? - Are these ugly shoes? - I told you that last night. - I like these shoes. - They not ugly. - They're very five years ago. - Yeah people tend to not like those shoes, I like a good pump Bob, I like a good pump. - I love it white pump, I got 'em from PayLess and I shop there because-- - They go up to size 13, which I'm like holler. - [Bob] Exactly. - [Naomi] Do they really? - Yeah. - I've never stepped foot in a PayLess. - Don't act like your shoe game is on fleek bitch. Its not like you walk around in Louboutins, "I've never set foot in a PayLess." With these cork wedges you got strapped on your ankles bitch. We'll give you garments on fleek but these shoes girl. - Is it clear? Of course it's clear. - Of course it's clear. - What is it about clear? - [Derrick] I like that it's kind of foggy from your feet being warm. - [Naomi] From being sweaty? Yeah, very true. - [Derrick] Do you have any shoes that are your size? - I hate you. - Do you have any shoes that aren't clear? - No. - Let's all bring her down because she's in a really good mood. Boo. - Boo, you're too pretty, boo. (indistinct chatter) - [Chi Chi] Made my girl look good, she has natural cheeks so, you know what I mean like-- - See here's my worry, like Derrick and I against each other, which I've kind of been like you know, a friend of, a friend of his-- - I hate you. - A friend of his the whole competition since we worked together in the past. I just hope that I can outperform him. - [Naomi] I know you can. (laughing) - Dance like we've never seen you dance before. - Yeah, dance like nobody's booing. - [Bob] Dance like nobody's booing. - Do you think you're in the bottom two this week? - I definitely do, that was the harshest. - [Robbie] Does everyone think that-- - That I've ever been judged. - Every single one of the judges didn't care for your outfit. - [Derrick] Mm hmm. - And it was a design challenge. - I think it was for sure gonna be Derrick and Robbie were gonna be in the bottom, and then when they said the whole asking thing and half the stage said Chi Chi. - The three of you didn't even hesitate to say me. (tense music) - Derrick, do you really think that you have the most flattering outfit? - I don't think I have the most, I think you have the most-- - [Chi Chi] And I said this is gonna be hard. - Unflattering. - And I apologize Derrick, but-- - Right. - I mean we appreciate that you sewed and you put so much work, we all put work in our outfits. - [Derrick] Mm hmm. - But I'm saying, this is not, it's a spray painted bathing suit with a piece of fabric, you know what I mean? Why would I go in on somebody else that outfit is better than that? You know what I mean? I had to pick somebody, and it's nothing personal against you. It was just based on what we had to answer, and out of all of us I feel like that is the most basic costume on stage, whether you worked on it two days or not. They asked us a question and we had to answer. - I just think it's funny that you said mine was unflattering, but you consider yours flattering? (tense music) - Girl, like I am just, I'm over it, I'm over it at this point. It's all good, it's all good Derrick, I mean it is what it is. - I was just asking if you, now that you heard what they had to say about the shape, do you think that yours is more flattering than mine still? That's what I want to know. - [Bob] She ain't gonna answer you. - Like Naomi's is flattering. - [Bob] They don't want to. - I'm not gonna answer. - [Derrick] 'Cause it's just like-- - Well I'm just asking. (tense music) - We all think different stuff is flattering, I mean. - That's what I'm saying, I cannot create something that Kim Chi creates. Kim Chi's an artist, you know what I mean? - All right, let's not throw words around. - But I don't have Kim Chi's brain, you know what I mean? I have Chi Chi's brain, I don't have Thorgy's white crazy wacky woo yeah, I don't have that type of brain. - Yeah! - You know what I mean? - Pizzazz. - I don't have your brain Derrick, you know what I mean? I only can do what I can do-- - [Derrick] Right. - With the time that we're given. - And I know Derrick you were reading her about hot gluing it, but if you look at this, there's not a thing out of place-- - [Chi Chi] It's hot glued to perfection. - It's, well you know. - The only thing that I could read is I don't have a female body shape. - And your brain went like this really quickly, like-- - [Chi Chi] Exactly, exactly. - Sewing machines, no. - I knew 'cause why would I use a sewing machine when I knew it was not going to work in my favor. - Hey ladies. - Hi ya'll. - Is everything okay? - Come take a seat. - [Chi Chi] Yeah everything's okay. - This is how we talk to each other. - Okay. - [Bob] Did you guys want some drama queen tips from us? (laughing) - How's my superstar? - Robbie is convinced he's in the bottom two, so he's listening to his lip sync song. - Really? - I'm gonna talk to Robbie. - So since we have the women in here, Tanya do you feel like I should be in the bottom? - No I don't. - Well you gonna say that 'cause you don't know. - No no no no no, okay. - Out of all you guys, who do you think should be in the bottom? - I think out of all of them, I did dislike the most the lions. It's like a curtain just draped around her body. - It was a lot of stuff. - The entire outfit is made out of safety pins. - I thought the lions too. - How are you? - I'm great, regardless of what happens tonight, don't you dare take anything personally. - Got it. - Or else I'll come to your house and throw line drives at your head. - I would love for you to come to my house-- - Well that's gonna happen anyway I think. I feel like a made a friend for life now. - Absolutely. - [Robbie] Okay, I have to listen to this song. - Okay. Don't fug it up. - Yeah. Oh, start that over. - But hold on a minute, hold on a minute, 'cause my question never got answered. Do you feel like I didn't put a lot of work into this? - Okay, to me, the judges wouldn't have known this is glued. - Until someone said something. - Until someone said something. - Okay but Tanya you even were worried, you said, "Oh I'll take a sewing machine to this thing." You were worried that it-- - I didn't say I would take a sewing machine. - Yes you did! - No I did not. - [Bob] I don't think it's even close to being one of the worst outfits here. - I ain't never said I would put a sewing machine. - You said, you said it, 'cause we were both talking about the sewing within this competition, and you said, "I have no problem sewing." - I said, "Yeah I don't have a problem sewing." 'Cause I do know how to sew. - Well I do know how to makeup and do everything else but he does not let me help him because this is the rules of the competition. - Well that's why I didn't sew. - I know. - I'm not busting out, I mean to me this, I could see my daughter performing on stage in this outfit because-- - In 1992. - You so shady! - What'd you say? - She said, "In 1992." Talking about you, she made an old joke at you girl. - I'm sorry! - You said I could see my daughter performing in that, she goes, "In 1992." - No, she performed something like this in 2012 sweetheart. - She trying to call you out, she shady. - I ain't stuntin her. (laughing) - You might be from California, but you kinda country girl. - Uh hey. You gotta do whatever you can to get the job accomplished, and that's what I think Chi Chi, he got the job accomplished. And it doesn't look thrown together and cheap. - Well-- - Well it don't look expensive, let's not get crazy. It looks good-- - [Tanya] You know what, you know what-- - That ain't couture, it wasn't couture... - With yo slip. (Bob screams) - What she say? - She said, "With yo slip on." Would you not wear this? I think this is a nice outfit. It is-- - [Tanya] That you bought from rainbow. - No I made, exact, but yours came from a Halloween Avengers Party City bitch. No this out... (laughing) This outfit is, okay it's not the most exciting outfit in the world, and I didn't get to hem-- - It fits you really well and you're very good at that. - And I wish I could've hem my-- - Hey ladies, five minute warning for main stage, start your touch-ups please. (tense music) - Whoops. I am just fighting to stay. So I'm trying to make sure that my diction is perfect and I'm hitting all the words because at the end of the day, it's not who can cartwheel, who can do the splits, it's a lip sync. (tense music) - I feel anxious, I feel determined. I believe that I am meant to be in this competition, and if I have to put everything I have into this performance to stay and prove that I belong here, then I'm gonna do anything I can to sell this lip sync performance. (tense music) - I don't know where I stand right now, because my efforts seem to almost go unnoticed, and I know if I don't step it up, I will be the next one to go home. - Okay ladies, queens, we're gonna head back to the main stage now, so queens if you could come this way we're gonna head back to the main stage. - I love you Jasmine. - Love you. - Good luck! - Watch me win, watch this. Don't talk any (beep) Tara while I'm gone. - I'll see y'all in a second. - Okay - Hopefully, (beep). - I don't even know what to do with this, 'cause it's not wanting to stay at all. - The second that the song starts-- - [Derrick] The song starts? - Just take that off and slam it like you meant to do it. - Yeah? And take the skirt off? - Derrick, we gotta go. - [Derrick] Oh god they're gonna watch it? That's crazy. They're watching us? Oh lord. (tense music) - Two queens stand before me. - Okie dokie. - Derrick Berry, your tin couture was rusted. - I feel like I let him down. - No. - Robbie Turner, this week you were not queen of the forest. - He's so scared. - So is Derrick. - This is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. - I'm secretly kind of happy because I didn't want Derrick to fight. - Chi Chi. - 'Cause she is an awesome dancer and singer. - Yeah I was so scared, but I feel like he has a fighting chance with-- - Exact.. Yeah. - No offense. - Ladies, the time has come for you to lip sync for your life. (tense music) Derrick Berry, shantay you stay. Robbie Turner, "Now I know I've got a heart, "because it's breaking." Now, sashay away.- - [RuPaul] Thank you, ladies. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. You may leave the stage. (solemn music) - [Chi Chi] Oh, my God. The judges are not happy with my campaign ad, and I might be on the chopping block, so I'm worried about that. - [Thorgy] My criticisms were the lowest, which sucks, but, I wasn't the weakest, I wasn't. Maybe I was. - All set? (claps) - [Bob] All right, girl. Bartender! - [Chi Chi] Ooh, my goodness! - [Thorgy] Champagne, darling. (laughing) - [Chi Chi] Child, let me sit over here by you. - [Bob] Oh, God. - [Chi Chi] Hot ass furs, and jingles and shingles and (bleep). - [Bob] You do look glamorous tonight. - [Kim] Yeah, Chi Chi, this is, like, my favorite outfit you've worn. - [Chi Chi] Thank y'all. - [Bob] It's very Kim Chi too. - [Chi Chi] What? - [Bob] Completely covered in every inch, covered in rhinestones. - I just thought they were gonna say, "Girl, too many accessories." - No such thing, never heard of it! - [Bob] You only have one accessory on, bitch! Besides earrings, oh, three. - I got earrings, this, the ring. - Oh, I didn't see all that. - Clip in my head. - Only thing about this outfit is you're not wearing a necklace. I'm just kidding, it's perfect. - [Derrick] All right, we do it every week, top and bottom. - Well, you, me, and, I think, Thorgy's in the bottom. - Mm-hmm. - And the rest are top. I didn't smear Naomi enough, Thorgy didn't smear Chi Chi enough. - I feel like the only people that smeared were me and Bob. - [Bob] Yeah. - You guys were best runway, we heard that from a couple people, because you padded, and you look different, and you look glamorous. - I just don't look cheap. Ooh, thank God! - Remember how they've judged in the past though. The runway did not count, like, the challenge did. - Yeah. - What did they say about me? I don't remember. - They loved your look and they loved your video. - How do you feel about that? - Um, I mean, I do feel like I'm working really hard, and I feel like I'm-- - And also, like, I love you, but when they keep telling me "edit, edit, edit" when I do too much, it's like you wearing the hair, and the thing, and the corset, and the thing, and the gloves, and the shoes, and this thing in your hair, and then another beret, and you were gonna wear those silver earrings-- - Well, I didn't wear it. - [Thorgy] And that thing around your neck. - If you're a clown, you can't edit down. Like, a clown is like-- - Am I crazy by saying that? (tense music) I'm crazy. - I feel like I'm wearing mismatched patterns, big hair, and a flower. - I mean, you look good, it's just, for me, it's like, whoa, this is a lot. (tense music) - Thorgy's great, and as much as I love her, there's a side of him where he gets very, very, very jealous and competitive. He's constantly comparing himself to Bob, but their style, aesthetic, and their humor is nothing alike so stop comparing yourself to Bob, and just be Thorgy. - But I'm saying every week, they're like, "That's a theme that we hate you about "is that you always need to edit, edit, edit." - Thorgy's always in her head too much. Like, everything is over-thought. If you ever wanna freak Thorgy out, just walk by and be like, "That scarf?" And just walk away. She'll be obsessed about that scarf. Should she wear it or should she not wear it? Should she make it a hair tie? Should it be a shoulder thing? She should turn into a sleeve. Like, that's how Thorgy's brain works. So, I don't take her competitive spirit personally. It has nothing to do with me. Maybe they just want you to reign it in and do something specific, as opposed to picking all the good things from everything. Like, instead of trying to be the Jack of all trades, you just pick one. - My grandmother said that to me the week before she died. - Did she really? - She said to me, "You know what? "You're the Jack of all trades, "but you're gonna be the master of none." - [Naomi] That's dark. - Yeah, I will never forget hearing that. - I mean, do you think that's why you are always grabbing at everything instead of taking her advice? - No, I don't do it because she said that. I was just, shocking that, I guess, I'm still being told that. I hate being so narrow-minded in one field of anything. I think everyone should kind of be broad. You know, and it's like, I feel like, I always have to defend that when I'm like, why is everyone trying to put me in a box? How dare you, kind of. It's impossible for me to, kind of, put myself in one box. I'm kind of a adaptable chameleon drag queen, but I'm always Thorgy at the heart of it. - Every single time I see you, I see different people, and I love that about you. I love that. Kim Chi does that too. I never see the same Kim Chi face. I feel like the four of us, we give pretty same face. - [Bob] Yeah, true. - We stick within ourselves, where we're comfortable. Even though your paint looks different, it doesn't look that different. - [Bob] Yeah, I see what you mean. - But you're always impersonating different people, and sometimes, they're people, and something they're your own people, and I love that about your drag. - Thanks, girl. - I don't look at it as a bad thing. - I knew I liked you! - I loved that you spoke up for that. - [Kim] So, who do you think is going home tonight? - So, I'm staying here, I know that much. Anyone else? - I think I'm in the bottom three. Does everyone else agree? - I think, if it went by the campaign, that Bob and I are in the top two. Nobody's video was as good as mine. No one went outside of their comfort zone, and that's what this challenge was supposed to do for us. And I think Bob and I delivered. We were the only ones that smeared each other to the extent that they were requesting. - But I feel like Naomi won the challenge. - [Thorgy] I agree with Chi Chi. - [Chi Chi] 'Cause she's (bleep) amazing. - [Derrick] They loved her outfit the most. - She wore pads, you know what I mean? - You delivered, but you wore boobs and hips and cinched your waist. - They gushed over you-- - Who? - [Bob] You. Like, they were like-- - I just think that's because they've never seen me look this expensive. (laughing) - [Kim] Do you really think I'll be in the bottom two? - [Bob] I think you will, I do. - You think so? - I do. - The acting challenge, I don't think it really got the job done, as far as what the challenge was, which was to be shady. - I don't think you're a big speaker. - I was a little devastated that my efforts didn't go over well as I had hoped. - [Bob] Who do you think had the harsh critiques? - [Naomi] I think that Thorgy and Derrick. - There were things they didn't like about Thorgy's ad and things they didn't like about her look, but they mostly attacked Derrick for her runway look. But they seemed to really actually enjoy her video. - There we go, that's not going anywhere. My criticisms from the judges were the lowest, so I think I'm gonna be in the bottom two. And I'm gonna go out there and kill this. Oh, my God, I am not going home. Derrick, it's been nice knowing you. - Are you saying it's been nice knowing you 'cause you're sending me home? - Absolutely, and I love you so much. - Oh, all right. ♪ Goodbye, Derrick ♪ - No. (laughs maniacally) - Girl, I don't mind. - I love you, bye! No. (laughs) [Thorgy] Gimme the stage. I'm literally like, where's the mic? Anyway, say goodbye to Derrick or Kim Chi. (laughing) - That Miss Thang is a sore loser, honey. - Who? - Thorgy? - Oh, my God, oh! - Out on the stage, she wants to win a challenge. - Thorgy doesn't want to win, she wants you to lose. There's a huge difference because Thorgy is like, "Oh, you got gross painting your back "and you're wearing someone else's outfit, "someone else's lip gloss, and my earrings." (laughs) It's like, well, bitch, you want your (bleep) earrings back? If you're gonna bitch about it, take your earrings back. - Exactly, that's how I feel! - But then she's like, "But you look amazing." Listen, I've known Thorgy for years. Complaining is literally her favorite thing in the world. I remember, one time, we were working at this restaurant together, and Thorgy walks in, and I just say, I was so excited to see her, I was like, "Hey, Thorg!" And she never said "hey." I was like, "Hey, Thorg." She was like, "Ugh, oh, my God, traffic was a disaster, "not to mention, my leg hurts, my knee, "ever since I did your show. "My knee's been hurtin', and I'm tryin' to quit smoking, "but I can't quit smoking. "Then I showed up and the manager's driving me crazy. "I don't wanna deal with all these customers, "and blah, blah, blah, blah." And then I was like, "Hi, Thorg." She goes, "Oh, hey, girl." (laughing) "You look amazing." - [Naomi] "And you look..." - [Bob and Chi Chi] Amazing. - "Like you're worth $60." (laughing) "You know what I mean? "You know what I mean?" - [Kim] I was focused too much on my own presidential campaign, as opposed to smearing my opponent, so, I'm worried that I might be in the bottom at this point. - From here, I feel like... Derrick does look like, who's that one monster? - I don't know, bitch, I hate that dress though. I wouldn't wear that. - [Bob] It's not a nice dress. - No. - I've always said to myself, you should never be able to be on Drag Race and have some girl at home go, "Oh, I have that dress." (Chi Chi laughs) - Bitch, who am I to talk about pedestrian (bleep), but, like, I would never. - Well, I think she knows now that it wasn't a nice dress, and that it was probably-- - She was living more for the reveal than the, you know. - But it could have been zhooshed up and-- - Bitch, Naomi saw that last week and she was like, "Who is wearing this dress? "It's disgusting." (laughs) - She looked at me and I was like, "Yeah, it's pretty gross." And then I was like, "I think it's Derrick's." (laughing) Derrick. - What? - [Bob] I wanna ask you a question. - What? - How much do you know about this song? - How much do I know about this song? - Yeah, like, have you seen this movie or the play? - I know the movie, I know the soundtrack of the movie. - And so, do you know what happened right before-- - [Derrick] Yes. - Like, the buildup to this scene? - Yes, she got let go. - [Bob] Yeah, but, like, how she thought she was still in the group-- - Oh, yeah. She come in, see another girl, another girl is rehearsing, they're doing their show, and she's like, "Oh, no, you didn't!" - This is, like, the lowest point in her life. She lost all of her friends, she lost her boyfriend, she lost her job, all in one day. - Yup. - And she's now officially poor, and then, she knows they're gonna go and rise and be superstars. - Right. - She knows she's pregnant, she knows she lost her boyfriend, she lost her job, she lost every friend she has. Even her brother, her brother turned his back on her. - If you lip sync this, bitch, you have to be in tears. - Oh, yeah. - You better be in-- - She's let go of her, listen to this too, Kim. She's let go of her everything, and she's gotten to the point where she's literally begging a man who said he doesn't love her to just be with her. This is like, honestly, one of the most emotional songs in musical theater history. This won a black woman a Tony when they wasn't givin' black folks Tonys, when she won this award. - [Derrick] Yeah. This is Jennifer Holliday. - [Bob] Yeah. - [Derrick] I know that. - This is not Jennifer Hudson, this is-- - You have to embody, like-- - Think about how sad you'll feel going home, and then use it. I mean, the lyrics of this song could not be more perfect for a lip sync. This is the lip sync you wanna do. This has the potential to be the best lip sync in the history of Drag Race, honestly. I really think so. Come on, grandma. (instrumental hip hop music) - Lord, have mercy! (Kim Chi sighs) I think you all right, boo. - I don't know, you never know. - I think you all right. I don't know though, 'cause they kinda wasn't buyin' the food thing, you know what I mean? They was just like, it was more about food than it was about. - [Kim] Yeah. - Bitch, just get ready. - I was tryin' to use food as like a metaphor, you know? - Yeah, just be ready, bitch, just be ready. It's all you can do. Can't do nothin' now, just be ready. - I hope I'm not going home. - No, ma'am. You not goin' nowhere. (sighs) Bitch, watch, when I get out there, they're gonna say, "I'm sorry, Chi Chi, my dear, "but you're up for elimination." - Okay, queens, this is a five-minute warning to return to main stage. - Who you talkin' to? Who the (bleep) you talkin' to? - All of you. (laughs) - [Kim] I know. - Bitch, when she say, "And you, and you," you need to be pointin' to them judges. - Oh, I plan on it. - Make eye contact. Don't perform to us, don't perform to the (bleep) in the background. You tryin' to convince them judges. - Yeah, I'm tryin' to convince Ru. - Yes, God, that's who you need to be performing to, and let them know, bitch, "I'm supposed to be here." - I'm not going anywhere. - [Chi Chi] Hell yeah. (Kim Chi sighs) Don't be lookin' all in the clouds. You better look at them judges. - [Kim] I'm so nervous! (indistinct chattering) - [Thorgy] You're very funny, ma'am. - [Naomi] I cannot wait. - We're actually a talented bunch. This is top six. - [Bob] Okay, one, two, three. - Thorgy's sending someone home! - Top six! (laughing) - May I just say out loud that I love you sisters? It's been a pleasure to make top six with you guys. I may be in the bottom two lip syncing for myself-- - I just wanna say you have makeup on your pants. - [Voiceover] Again? - Do I now? - No, you don't, I was just teasin' you. - And by the way, I literally love-- - I love everything about you. - Love, love, love, love, love you. - I'm definitely worried because I just don't know how it's gonna play out, but no matter what, this experience has changed my life, and I've learned so much about myself. So, I cannot be in the bottom two again. (chattering) - Okay, ladies, we're headed to the main stage. Everybody follow me this way, please. - [Thorgy] I'll see you tomorrow. And now, I walk away, into the dust, into the blackness. Cue the smoke! (laughs) Please cue the smoke. (laughs) This is awkward. (laughs) But I still look good. - [RuPaul] Welcome back to Decision 2016. Thorgy Thor, Chi Chi DeVayne, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! (tense electronic music) All right, I've made my decision. Chi Chi DeVayne, shantay you stay. Thorgy Thor, you brought the BK to the RDR, and girl, I ain't gonna L-I-E. (Thorgy laughing) We loved every minute of it. Now, sashay away. - I love you guys. Thank you, Ru, so much. - Thank you. (queens applauding) - [Bob] Bye, Thorgy! - - My name is Yekaterina Petrovna Zamolodchikova, but you can call me Katya. (Katya snorts) You may remember me as the lovable Russian hooker from season seven with a crippling anxiety problem. But I'm back with a refillable prescription for Xanax. (speaking foreign language) (Katya snorting) During my season, I feel like I held back out of fear. Whenever anything went wrong, I wanted to jump off the hotel balcony. But this time around, I wanna just spread my legs even wider. (speaking foreign language) (upbeat music) - Well this is hauntingly familiar. Here we go again. Rehab is back in session. My name is Detox, and I am from season five where I came in fourth. - Hey, bitch! - Hi (bleep). - Hi! - I'm really excited to get to know Katya, 'cause I think she's batshit crazy. My ass looks good. - Your ass always looks good. Did you get more pumped into it? - No, I've just gotten fat. I'm here to put my face in that Hall of Fame. Give me that (bleep) crown. - All right! - Oh my god. (both laughing) - My name is Alyssa Edwards, and I need, I need, I need, I need to get up in this All Star gig. (Katya laughs) (Alyssa pops tongue) Baby, I am Alyssa Edwards, representing season five, and I was a lovely fifth alternate. Thank the lords above I'm back, back, back, back again. (Alyssa pops tongue) Ooh, she has got her Russian get up on. - I love that you're wearing a cape again. - You know, I didn't know if I wanted to be Goldilocks or Lil Red Riding Ho. - Alyssa Edwards, she looks just like she did when she walked in season five, just with a little better hair and slightly less rolls. (Detox laughs) - Girl, look at us. - [Detox] Get up in the mirror, girl. - This is a really good picture, okay, okay! - You cannot have a conversation with Alyssa if you are in proximity to a mirror, and even if like Ed McMahon had risen from the dead presenting her with a $300,000 check, she'd be like (slurping) one second, one second. (rock music) (electricity buzzing) - [Detox] Ooh! - Come on All Stars let's get this over with. (all laughing) Ribbit ribbit, the glamor toad is in the building. (queens squealing) Hi! Oh my god, it's good to see ya diarrhea. Season seven got a lot of hate for being a lackluster bunch of girls, so I am here to say, no miss thang. We are just as talented and worthy as the rest of these girls. - Thick and juicy's back, bitches! (queens screaming) My name is Roxxxy Andrews, and I still rep for the girls who are thick and juicy 'cause even though I lost weight, I'm always thick and juicy. I don't care if I'm 300 pounds, or 200 pounds. Thick and juicy is Roxxxy Andrews. - Mom, yes bitch! Oh my god, my baby Roxxxy's here! - Not the Ro-tox! When I saw Detox, I was like bitch, we get to do this again. That's my girl. (upbeat music) - [Detox] Oh, no ma'am! - Orange you girls happy to see me? (haunting choral music) - The face crack of the century. (record scratches) Bitch, that was so three years ago. Yas! - I am Coco Montrese, and I was the lip sync diva of season five. Girl, you look like the Black Pee-wee Herman. (audience laughs) - Girl, look how orange you (bleep) look! - I'm not jokin', bitch! (queens squealing) - Girl, you got your Dorito fantasy? - Yes, girl. - Let me see! - [Coco] Look how orange I look. - I'm not jokin', bitch! (dramatic music) - Greetings. My message for the human race is really quite simple, hi! I think I was chosen as an All Star because nobody can do Alaska except Alaska. But I encourage you to try, it's fun. I will stand out from the rest of these queens because I am more All and I'm more Star-like. Star-ish. Star-esque. (intense music) (queens screaming) - Thank you. - Morgan McMichaels walks into the (record scratches) wait that's not Morgan? - My name's Tatianna. I placed fourth on season two of RuPaul's Drag Race. Thank you. (queens squealing) - Kylie Jenner! - She is beat! - I think the other queens are thinking all this is really right. (rock music) - Meow. - Yay! (bleep) yeah! - My name is Adore Delano, and I'm a messy slut. (Adore laughs) I'm known for being really messy! - [Producer] Give me one that Logo will actually sign off on? - Oh, okay, 'cause big dicks and fried chicken? (both laugh) Was very subtle? - All right! (Adore laughs) - Bitch! - Hey bitch. - Hi! - Adore Delano giving you smell my punani Poetic Justice realness. - Adore Cilantro. - Muah, muah, yas! - Is that an orange? I like that- - Yeah! I wanted to look like a Monster High doll. My drag style today is a bit controversial. I'm inspired by the grunge movement, the Riot grrrl movement of the '90s, but a lot of people don't get that. They like to say that I'm lazy about my drag, but I love being a nonconformist. I mean, I can't crowd surf in a corset. - Who's ready to make teams? - Nope. - Please, no teams. I'll (bleep) up alone by myself. (all laughing) - Janet Hagson, oh I'm sorry, Coco Montrese. How exciting for you that Janet has a new album out? You can both come out of retirement. (all laughing) Tatianna, thank you for letting the PAs know who to pack up first. (all laughing) - Coco Montrese, I always wanted to know what the female gremlin would look like in 25 years. (all laughing) - [Alyssa] That was a good one, bitch. - Ginger Minj. In my eyes, the true winner of season seven of TLC's "I Didn't Know I was Pregnant." (all laughing) Roxxxy Andrews, I think about you all the time, especially in the morning at the bus stop. (all laughing) (all groaning) Too soon, too soon, sorry! - Alyssa Edwards, my darling dear. I can't stand it when you're near. (all laughing) - [Detox] Come on, Mother Goose! - Alaska, I'm sure Katya can see you from her backyard. - Adore Delano, do you know what makes you the number one fan favorite of all time? - No. - Neither do I. (all laughing) - Alaska? Gutted. Boxxxy Andrews? Rotted. (all laughing) Coco Montrese? Beast! (all laughing) - Alaska, I finally got to listen to "Anus" and I get it, 'cause it sounds like what my anus does after eating Mexican. (all laughing) Mm, choices. (all laughing) Alyssa Edwards, you are so talented and you haven't let it go to your head. Nothing's changed you, or your overbite. (all laughing) - Coco Montrese, doesn't it suck that it took you longer than my existence to figure out what shade of makeup to use? (all laughing) Roxxxy Andrews, it's good to see a filler bitch this season and I'm not talking about that ass. (all laughing) - Alaska, like her outfit, trash. (RuPaul laughs) Coco, way too old. (all laughing) And Adore Delano, um, really? (all laughing) - Y'all bitches are hateful. - Detox, no really, I mean that. This is actually your intervention. (all laughing) You should really stop this. Adore Delano, these other girls are gonna say you have terrible makeup skills, you have no fashion sense, and you're dumb as a rock, but they're wrong. You don't have terrible makeup skills. (all laughing) Roxxxy Andrews, obviously a diet consisting of nothing but hatred for Jinkx Monsoon does a body good. (all laughing) Come on, All Stars, let's get all started, okurr! (all laughing) - All right ladies, the library is closed, officially. The winner is (drumroll rattles) Alaska. (all clapping) Roxxxy Andrews, talent is burlesque. (sultry music) (audience cheering) - Okay bitch, throw away the receipt. I'm buyin' it. - Yes, yes! Yes, woo! - Yas! (audience cheering) - [RuPaul] Tatianna, talent is spoken word. - This piece is entitled "The Same Parts." - This piece. (Michelle laughs) - People at the party, and I'm wanting to dance. Other ugly ass bitches ain't standing no chance. Dudes lookin' at me like they wanna get in my pants. Come on bitch, see me with them hands. (audience cheers) See me with them hands. His back on the wall. My ass on his hunh. (audience laughs) Grindin' for a second, his stuff's getting thick. (RuPaul gasps) - Ooh, girl. - He doesn't know it, but I'm getting firm too. (audience laughs) 'Cause boys really need to know before calling me boo. Because what you see isn't always the truth. Say it with me, what you see. Isn't always the truth. Thank you. Because baby boy, I've got all the same parts that you do. (audience laughs) The same parts. The same parts. (audience laughs) The same parts. (audience cheering) Thank you. - A '90s beatnik doing a spoken word piece about her genitals? Tatianna's number is my absolute favorite. (audience cheering) - Roxxxy Andrews, Tatianna. You are the top two all stars of the week. (queens applauding) - I am in the top two! I cannot believe it. I'm ready to lip sync, child. What's my song? - I am so happy. - Let's meet our contestants. A stay-at-home mom from Riverside, California, Raven! - Hi. - And a flight attendant who likes long walks on the beach, big (bleep), and fried chicken, Jujubee! - Hi! - Ladies, are you ready to meet our stars? - Yes! - Yas! - Praise the Lord, it's Tammy Faye Bakker. - Oi get here. - Are you wearing makeup? - Just a little chapstick. - My goodness, you were one of my favorites. - [Ginger] I know. (Ginger sobbing) - Moving on, the original blonde bombshell, Mae West is here. (audience applauds) - Howdy do, Ru. - How's my little chickadee? - When I'm good I'm good, but when I'm bad I get a serious venereal disease. (audience laughs) Next, the totally wacky and original Bjork is here. - I love your suit. - Thank you. - It reminds me of the lining of my small intestine. (audience laughs) - My god. - Now, ladies and gentlemen, the legendary Joan Crawford. How are the kids, Joan? - Are you deliberately trying to embarrass me in front of these reporters? - No. - I fought worse monsters for years in Hollywood. - Yes, I know. - Barbara, please! (audience laughs) Don't (bleep) with me, fellas! (audience laughs) - All right, now TV's toughest legal eagle, Nancy Grace is here, ladies and gentlemen. - Breaking news! We need to get down to the basics of the alleged child abuse. - Joan Crawford? - Where's the body? - Christina, bring me the ax. (audience laughs) Now! - Moving on down, Ariana Grande is here. - Hi, Ru. - Are you ready to break free? - Yeah. - Next, the one and only Alaska 5000. - Hi! - Roxxxy Andrews' total last minute decision to switch to Alaska? - I just have to ask, is that a wig on your head? - If you're not wearing wigs, then you're not doing drag. (audience groans) - Girl, even I know that Alaska's song is that's not a wig, this is my hair. - The big idea. - Yeah. The Pit Crew have spent way too much time around drag queens. Now, before they slip on their Andrew Christian underwear, they blank. Raven. - They take a very tasteful photo of their nether regions so that they can post it online. (audience laughs) They take a selfie. - They take a selfie. Let's see if you got any matches over here. - Okay. - All right, Tammy Faye Bakker. - As it says in the book, before thou putteth onneth a thongeth. - Yes, uh-huh, yes. - Thou must pray. - Pray. - Pray. You know I gotta pray before I put on my underwear. Most of the time, they don't even fit anymore. Just so filled with God's love. - Yes. That is not a match, but a very, very good answer. It's a very good answer. You tried your best, darling. - I tried. - Moving on down to Bjork. - Actually, I think I have the right answer. - Okay, you have the right answer? - I said they remove their testicles. (audience laughs) - Oh, the judges say no, Bjork. - Oh, I just put mine here. - You have testicles? - Sometimes I don't understand anything about science. - Sorry Bjork, but not a match, darling. - It's fine. (audience laughs) - Let's move on to Joan Crawford, what do ya say? - They clean all the wire hangers out of the closet. - Wire hangers, Joan? - No wire hangers ever! Why? - Well that don't make no kinda sense, but it sure is entertaining. It's just- - This ain't my first time. - Yes, yes, at the where? - At the Snatch Game. (audience laughs) - All right, Jujubee, are you ready for your question? - Mm-hmm. - My play cousin Cornicia is such a party animal. When mosquitoes bite her, they have to go to blank. Okay, Jujubee. - The clinic. - Yes, good answer. - Right. - [RuPaul] Let's go to Mae West. - Well I'm very happy to say they have to go to the clinic. - [RuPaul] We got a match! - You know, I go to the one on San Vicente and Santa Monica, you know what I mean, Jujubee? You've been there. I've seen ya there a few times. - Why do you go there, Mae West? - 'Cause after your tenth visit, you get one free. (audience laughs) - Fabulous, all right, let's move on down to Bjork. - I'm very excited 'cause I also said clinic. - You said clinic! - Yeah. How many bones do I win? - How many bones do you want, oh. (audience laughs) See ya after the show, bubbles, aw. - [RuPaul] Did ya hear that, Bjork? - I'm down for anything, especially I'd like to eat her hair. It looks like pastrami. (audience laughs) - Something else looks like pastrami too. (Katya purrs) (Katya groaning) (audience laughs) - [RuPaul] Up next, Katya. She's into water sports. - Oh it's Esther Williams' cousin, Fister Williams. (judges laugh) - [RuPaul] Wow, look at those breast strokes. - [Ross] Our cycles are synchronized. - [Katya] I'm giving you a skin tight seafoam green Esther Williams underwater fantasy. My waist is cinched, my nose is pinched, and my body is absolutely drenched in sweat. - [Ross] Her look is making me wet. - [RuPaul] Take a dip in the cool waters of Katya. (judges laugh) Alaska, fashion. - Yes. - [Carson] Gotta do something about that unibrow. - [Michelle] She's gotta get that plucked. - [RuPaul] This is totally Bladerubber. - Yes. (judges laughing) - [Alaska] I am wearing head to toe rubber latex geometrical severe fantasy. I'm nine parts supermodel and one part robot, and ready for insertion. - Why are her gloves so lo- oh, oh, oh, I get it. (judges laughing) Designed for your pleather. I've made some decisions. Katya, Alaska. You are the top two All Stars of the week. (all applauding) Condragulations. - Wow, cool. - Welcome back, ladies. Two top All Stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your chance to impress me, win $10,000, and earn the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop. (intense music) The time has come (thunder booms) for you to lip sync for your legacy! - I'm excited to lip sync against Alaska. I am feeling myself, I am preparing the world to gag on my legacy, which involves a line of platform Jellies in every size, color, and shape. - I know that I really need to turn it out. There's no question that I want to win the lip sync. It's another opportunity to impress the judges. - Good luck, and don't (bleep) it up. ♪ Ah freak out ♪ ♪ Le freak, c'est chic ♪ ♪ Freak out ♪ ♪ All that pressure ♪ ♪ Got you down ♪ ♪ Has your head been spinning all around ♪ ♪ Just come on down ♪ ♪ To the 54 ♪ ♪ Find your spot out on the floor ♪ ♪ Ah, freak out ♪ ♪ I said freak ♪ ♪ Now freak ♪ (judges laughing) ♪ All that pressure got you down ♪ ♪ Just come on down ♪ ♪ To the 54 ♪ ♪ Find your spot out on the floor ♪ ♪ Ah, freak out ♪ ♪ Le freak, c'est chic ♪ ♪ Freak out ♪ ♪ Ah, freak out ♪ (judges laughing) (all applauding) - Ladies, I have made my decision. (tense music) Alaska, you're a winner baby. (upbeat music) (all applauding) - Girl, I need to, I need to, I need to, I need to get up in this Annie Oakley get up gig. On season five, I hated playing anything other than Alyssa. But I want to prove to Ru that I'm more than just some pageant queen that can kick and twirl. I can be a character. - What you doin' with your hair? - [Alyssa] I think I like her. - Oh. - Is she country enough? (Katya laughs) (plucky music) (Katya laughs) Girl you better believe I'm gonna do my best to steal the show. That's the name of this game. (Katya laughs) (harp music) - If you are looking to start a revolution, I created a social media solution. Put on your opulent jewels, hair, and dress, and say it in 140 characters or less. ♪ Let them eat cake ♪ ♪ Let them eat cake ♪ ♪ Let them eat cake, cake, cake, cake, cake ♪ ♪ Let them eat cake ♪ ♪ Let them eat cake ♪ ♪ Let them eat (scat singing) ♪ ♪ Let them eat cake ♪ (judges laughing) (gun firing) - I'm Annie Oakley, and this is my band, the Sharpshooters. (judges laughing) Five, six. (gun firing) ♪ Been on my own since I was young ♪ ♪ Came out my mama with a gun ♪ ♪ A better shot than anyone ♪ ♪ No one can beat me ♪ ♪ But there's a story y'all don't know ♪ ♪ My draw was fast and his was slow ♪ ♪ It really was his time to go ♪ ♪ So I went bang bang ♪ (gun fires) ♪ Bang bang ♪ (gun fires) ♪ These double barrels pumped him full of lead ♪ (gun firing) ♪ I went bang bang ♪ (gun fires) ♪ Bang bang ♪ (gun fires) ♪ He's six feet under lying in my bed ♪ (gun firing) Well, I guess I'm done. Yippee-Yi-Ki-Gay. - Based on the judges' critiques, I declare that Detox, and Alyssa Edwards, you are the top two All Stars of the week. (all applauding) - Congratulations. - Two top All Stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your chance to impress me, win $10,000, and earn the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop. (tense music) The time has come (thunder booms) for you to lip sync for your legacy! - I'm very confident that I can win the lip sync against Alyssa because I look amazing, I didn't have to change to put on a (bleep) show. - I am looking RuPaul dead in the eyes. I'm in it to win it. - Good luck, and don't (bleep) it up. (upbeat music) ♪ I feel the night explode ♪ ♪ When we're together ♪ ♪ Emotion overload ♪ ♪ In the heat of pleasure ♪ ♪ Take me I'm yours ♪ ♪ Into your arms ♪ ♪ Never let me go ♪ ♪ Tonight I really need to know ♪ ♪ Tell it to my heart ♪ ♪ I can feel my body rock ♪ ♪ Every time you call my name ♪ ♪ The passion's so complete ♪ ♪ It's never ending ♪ ♪ As long as I receive ♪ ♪ The message you're sending ♪ ♪ Love, love on the run ♪ ♪ Breaking us down ♪ ♪ No I can't let you go ♪ ♪ Tell it to my heart ♪ ♪ Tell me I'm the only one ♪ ♪ And if it's really love or just a game ♪ ♪ Tell it to my heart ♪ ♪ I can feel my body rock ♪ ♪ Every time you call my name ♪ (RuPaul laughs) - Work! (all applauding) - Ladies, I have made my decision. (tense music) Alyssa Edwards, you're a winner baby. You've earned a cash tip of $10,000. - Woo! Oh my gosh, you did it. Girl, you're leaving your legacy. Thank you very much. - [RuPaul] Roxxxy Andrews. - Flamenc-ho. - Sombrer-ho. - [RuPaul] Yes. (judges gasping) - Yes, please. Selena in the house. - Hello! - Anybody knows anything about a reveal, she, me, her, she does! I'm serving Latina diva on this runway. - Bidi bidi bum bum. - That's a Spanish fly girl. Katya, ooh Barbara Eaton. - [Carson] I dream of weenie. - [Michelle] Oh, there she goes! (judges gasping) - Thank you. (judges laughing) - [Katya] I'm giving you full hellfire Shannon Tate fantasy. It's Rosemary's babushka and I feel amazing. - Not tonight, Satan, not tonight. Detox. - [Michelle] Dark lady. (judges gasping) - [RuPaul] Yes. Oh, and there's more. - [Detox] Every time I step on the runway, I want it to be something different. I wanna blow them away. - Ooh! - [Detox] And that's the fun of drag to me. - [RuPaul] Kung pow. - [Michelle] Ancient Chinese secret, huh? (Detox giggles) - Here she comes, Alyssa Edwards. Ooh, (speaking foreign language). - Yes. - What? - [Michelle] Wow, I'm ready for my close up. (cameras clicking) (judges gasping) - [Alyssa] Girl please, I've taken selfie to a whole nother level. Paparazzi who? Oh, I see why you love me, darling. - [Carson] That is amazing. Kodak mammaries. (RuPaul laughs) - Up next, Alaska. What, it's like a Fellini film. (judges gasping) - [Michelle] What the? (judges laughing) - [RuPaul] It's Lil Poundcake! (judges laughing) - [Alaska] Lil Poundcake is the insane pageant girl. She's stunning and I'm really excited to get to bring her to life. - [Michelle] I think she needs some go go juice. (judges laughing) ♪ Sexy sexy drag queen ♪ - Alaska, with great power comes great responsibility. Which queen have you chosen to get the chop? - As it gets fewer and fewer, it gets more and more difficult and so I hope that this queen who I consider to be my sister will understand the decision that I've made tonight. So the queen I've selected (dramatic music) is Alyssa Edwards. (Alaska sobbing) I'm so sorry. - Alyssa Edwards, as it is written, so it shall be done. You are an All Star, always and forever. - Thank you. - Now, sashay away. - I'm so sorry, I love you so much. - Don't be sorry, girl. Well I was a lovely fifth alternate. (all laughing) Always and forever, Alyssa Edwards. (Alyssa pops tongue) I'm gonna take my own advice. Winning isn't everything, but wanting to is. There are so many people that wanna be in this competition, and I'm one of the lucky ones. A true champion isn't the one that necessarily leaves with a trophy. (siren wails) - Alyssa. It ain't over. (upbeat music) - Back to the back, back, back, back. I'm here! - Welcome back. - Well, you know. - So we were the top five, and now we are the top nine again. We don't know how this is gonna go down. I don't know what's goin' on. I'm just here to look pretty, that's it. - It's time for the returning queens to get their revenge. And I can't wait to see who gets the last laugh. - Oh god. - Because, for this week's All Star Maxi Challenge, you'll be doing a standup comedy show, and you'll be doing it in pairs. - Oh. (Ginger chuckles) - The top two returning queens will lip sync for $10,000, and the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop. (intense music) But most importantly, get the right to return to the competition. Hashtag revenge of the queens. - I'm good with this, I'm good. (audience cheering) - My name is Alaska, just like the state. - My name is Alaska Edwards and this definitely ain't nobody's secret that this gigorama is completely full of buffoonery, riggery, and straight up tomfoolery. (audience laughs) - Totally. Alyssa, we're in the company of some amazing queens tonight. - Where? (audience laughs) - Ouch. (audience laughs) Detox and Tatianna are here. - "The Hills Have Eyes Part Two: The Remix." (audience laughs) - Bam. (audience laughs) Alyssa, describe Michelle Visage in one word, go. - Beast! (audience laughs) - Burn. (audience laughs) Alyssa, I wanna thank you so much for being my partner tonight. Don't worry, if drag doesn't work out, you'll always have something to fall back on. Your back rolls. (audience laughs) - Hello, hello. Hello, hello. My name is Lady Ladybits. - And I'm Beatrice Backdoor. Thank y'all so much for comin' to tonight's event. It's a benefit for babies battling bulimia. (audience laughs) - But I already see there is a bevy of beautiful bitter bitches already here hittin' the buffet. Bea and I met last year at Patty's pooches with prolapse garden party, we did. - The rosebuds were in full blooms. - The assholes were out, literally! (audience laughs) Especially this one's date. - Date? I came alone. - You came with Carlos the gardener. (audience laughs) What, you were blowing saliva water balloons. (audience laughs) I know you guys are here, giving your time and your money to this lovely benefit for teeny tiny teeny tiny tots, but I just wanna know when you're gonna have some teeny tiny tots of your own there, Bea? - I've always wanted some. My doctor keeps telling me that my testi-, that my ovaries are just gettin' in the way. (audience laughs) You know, I've always wanted to tell you something. There's a secret behind the woman that you see here today. - Oh no, is there really? - Oh, this is hard for me to say. - It's okay dear, spit it out. No matter what you're about to tell me, you will always be in my eyes, my best girlfriend. (audience laughs) - You see, I used to have braces. (audience laughs) - Oh Bea, you are incorrigible, Bea! We'll see ya next year. Oh no, that Sally Field, that (bleep) lied to me about the Boniva. - Come on, Boniva. - Let's do it. (audience cheering) - Welcome back, ladies. Two top All Stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your chance to impress me, win $10,000, and the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop. But, most importantly, the winner will earn the right to return to the competition. The time has come (thunder booms) for you to not only lip sync for your legacy, but to lip sync for your life! God, I missed saying that! Good luck, and don't (bleep) it up. (upbeat music) ♪ I've been lookin' for a driver who was qualified ♪ ♪ So if you think that you're the one, step into my ride ♪ ♪ I'm a fine tuned supersonic speed machine ♪ ♪ With a sunroof top and a gangster lean ♪ ♪ My engine's ready to explode, explode, explode ♪ ♪ So start me up and watch me go, go, go ♪ ♪ Get you where you wanna go if you know what I mean ♪ ♪ Got a ride that's smoother than a limousine ♪ ♪ Can you handle the curves ♪ ♪ Can you run all the lights ♪ ♪ If you can baby boy then we can go all night ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm zero to 60 in 3.5 ♪ ♪ Baby you got the keys ♪ ♪ Shut up and drive, drive, drive ♪ ♪ 'Cause your Maybach ain't got what I got get it, get it ♪ ♪ Don't stop, it's a sure shot ♪ ♪ So step inside and ride, ride, ride, ride, ride ♪ ♪ Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride, ride, ride, ride ♪ ♪ Ride, ride, ride, ride, ride, ride, ride, ride ♪ ♪ So start me up and watch me go, go, go ♪ ♪ Get you where you wanna go if you know what I mean ♪ ♪ Got a ride that's smoother than a limousine ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm zero to 60 in 3.5 ♪ ♪ Baby you got the keys ♪ ♪ Now shut up and drive, drive, drive ♪ ♪ Shut up and drive, drive, drive ♪ ♪ Shut up and drive ♪ (tires squealing) (sirens wailing) - Ha! (RuPaul laughing) (all applauding) - [Michelle] Wow. (tense music) - Ladies, I've made my decision. Tatianna? You're a winner, baby. (upbeat music) - All those good feelings, I'm feeling all of them. (tense music) - And Alyssa Edwards, you are also a winner, baby. (both squealing) Condragulations, you are both back in the competition. - Oh my god. - What the? - I'm giving you each a tip of $5,000. - Thank you. - Riddled with anxiety? Crippled under the burden of existential pain? (Katya groans) Hello, my name is Katya Zamolodchikova. (judges laughing) You know these days, being a woman is tough. When I'm not struggling with my weight or worried about wrinkles, I am bombarded by a cacophony of demonic voices in my head telling me you're not good enough. That's why I created Krisis Kontrol, a moisturizing body spray that provides relief while heavy doses of Thorazine shield the psyche from pain. So go ahead, Kontrol yourself. (judges laughing) - In a world of oppression, I speak my mind. Anus. That's why I use Alaska Thunderfun fashion tape. What makes this product different, you might ask? That's a stupid question. It makes you beautiful. Mm, tighter. It makes you fashionable, and it costs lots and lots of money. I'm so rich. Available in three unique shades. Stunning, fierce, and yellow. Alaska Thunderfun fashion tape, anus-thing is possible. (judges laughing) - Alaska, Katya, condragulations. You are the two top All Stars of the week. The time has come (thunder booms) for you to lip sync for your legacy! - Katya's really amazing at lip syncing. I beat her once before, but who knows what's gonna happen this time? - Good luck, and don't (bleep) it up. (rock music) ♪ Can't stay at home, can't stay in school ♪ ♪ Old folks say, you poor little fool ♪ ♪ Down the street I'm the girl next door ♪ ♪ I'm the fox you been waiting for ♪ ♪ Hello daddy, hello mom ♪ ♪ I'm your ch-ch-ch-cherry bomb ♪ ♪ Stone Age love and strange sounds too ♪ ♪ Come on baby, let me get into you ♪ ♪ Bad nights causing teenage blues ♪ ♪ Get out now, 'cause you've got nothin' to lose ♪ ♪ Hello daddy, hello mom ♪ ♪ I'm your ch-ch-ch-cherry bomb ♪ (judges laughing) ♪ Hey street boy, want some style ♪ ♪ Have ya, grab ya 'til you're sore ♪ ♪ Hello daddy, hello mom ♪ ♪ I'm your ch-ch-ch-cherry bomb ♪ ♪ Hello world, I'm your wild girl ♪ ♪ I'm your ch-ch-ch-cherry bomb ♪ ♪ Cherry bomb, cherry bomb ♪ - Hello, hello, hello! - Hi! - Ladies. Now queens, as gay people we get to choose our families, because sometimes the families we grew up with don't understand us. So when I recently reached out with an invitation to your moms and sisters, I'm sorry to say that not one of them accepted my invitation. (emotional music) They all did. - [Alaska] What? (Alaska laughs) - So let's give a big Drag Race family welcome to Alyssa's sister, Tabatha. - Oh my god, yas! - Alaska's mom, Pam. (queens screaming) - Oh my god. How are you? - There's RuPaul! (all laughing) - Detox's sister, Heather. - Oh my god. - Yas! - Seeing my sister walk into the Werk Room is stirring up all these emotions because just last week was the anniversary of my father's passing, so that's been on my mind a lot lately. And to have my heart and my soul and my best friend, it's like a godsend. My heart is like fucking beating out of my chest. - And we have Katya's mother, Pat. (queens squealing) - My mom! I hate that (bleep). No, just kidding. - And Roxxxy's grandmother, Sonia. - Team Roxxxy's here! (all applauding) - I'm very close with my sister, Tabby. I'm so happy to see her here. When's the last time we seen each other? Oh, Mom's funeral. - Yeah, a year ago. You know that's tomorrow makes a year. - Yeah. But at the same time, there's so many mixed emotions. Mom would've loved to do this, she would've. - Yeah. (emotional music) I'm glad we're together, 'cause it's a sensitive time for us. - Thank you for coming. The day that they closed my mother's casket, I just shut down. I just threw myself into my work. I felt that if I didn't see my family, or if I shut them out, I didn't have to face the passing of my mother. So now seeing Tabatha, oh I'm facing it. - Hi, Heather. - Hi, Ru. - Hi, Detox. - Hi, Ru. - You're a lawyer. - I am. - Are you the reason Detox is out of prison today? (all laughing) - I can't take credit for that, but I'm the reason that if you steal his name and likeness, you'll get sued. (all laughing) - Now, Detox, you lived with Heather at one point. - Mm-hmm, I was at a bad place when I was a kid. I was misunderstood, and she kind of encouraged me to come out and live my life as who I am and helped me blossom as a young artist, and a freak, and a weirdo. - Were you just a naturally nurturing person, or did you just see my kid brother is in a lot of trouble, I've gotta step up? - Basically. (Detox laughs) - Now, is there gonna be a strong family resemblance? - People tell us all the time we have the same nose, obviously, sadly. (all laughing) - It's a gorgeous nose. - I love our nose, especially now, but before we were like we gotta get brother-sister nose jobs. - Yeah, I'm still not opposed to that. (all laughing) - The key to winning this challenge is by creating a family resemblance, and it's like we're the same (bleep) person. She's just got a real vagina. But I need to focus, because I haven't had a win in a while, and even though I've been in the top, I wanna win. - Hey, Roxxxy. - Hi, Ru. - Hi, Sonia. - Hi, Ru. - I can't believe I'm meeting the woman who single-handedly raised this gorgeous child. - Can you believe that? - It's just amazing. Did you watch your child on Drag Race? - Oh yeah. - 'Cause the world got to hear this incredible story of how you really came to this kid's rescue. - My mother left my sister and myself at a bus stop when I was three. And I remember it like it was yesterday, and I then I come off as this strong character. I try to stay so strong, but I'm so weak at the same time. (Roxxxy sobbing) - We were all heartbroken when we heard the story. - Maybe he needed to do that. Sometimes you need to- - You have to get it out of your system, you know, and we took that story and we put it in our hearts and now you're on Drag Race. - This is unbelievable. - Are you planning to just tear it up? - Whoa, am I. (both laugh) - Roxxxy needs to win this challenge. - Whatever it takes, oh yeah, stand up on my head. - Oh my god. (all laughing) - All right, see you in a minute. - Thank you. - Bye. (upbeat music) - Yas, yeah! (RuPaul laughs) Ah! (RuPaul screaming) (RuPaul laughs) Woo! (judges applauding) - I love you. - Detox. Katya. Condragulations, you are the two top All Stars of the week. (all clapping) (Detox laughs) - [Katya] So what happened this week? - I don't know. I guess all I can say is I really wanna stay, and I think I deserve to stay. - Alaska doesn't know me very well, and you know if I win the lip sync, I don't know that she's 100% sure I won't send her home, because she's my biggest competition. - I need to go to the end of this competition. (tense music) I need to. - Party. - Okay. My heart is sinking. I think my spleen is going to explode. Queens in the past have completely disregarded someone's past performance, and sent people home because of a terrible critique on the runway. Even I in the past, so it's terrifying. ♪ You a basic ass ho ♪ ♪ And it's your time to go ♪ ♪ So bitch let me show you the door ♪ ♪ Lenin in the streets, Dostoevsky in the streets ♪ Oh I (bleep) up that part. I'm like the sugar free French Vanilla Ice of drag. This is gonna sound great. Rapping's hard. - It is hard, yeah. - AB is giving me really good feedback, he's blinking his eyes a lot. ♪ Lenin in the streets, Dostoevsky in the sheets ♪ ♪ Lenin in the streets, Dostoevsky in the sheets ♪ - Hi. - Hey, Alaska. Are you ready? - I'm so ready, I'm excited. - Yes, all right. From the top. ♪ Hey girls, my name's Alaska ♪ ♪ I got a tiny little question to ask ya ♪ ♪ Who's that bitch that's on the top ♪ ♪ Oh wait, that's me, hey Porkchop ♪ - And cut. I love your signature Alaska sound, but make it a little bit more animated. - Today's been really emotional for me, but I have to get back in the game. I need to come in absolutely nothing held back. - Cue music. ♪ Legacy, remember my name ♪ ♪ 'Cause you're gonna see me hanging in the Hall of Fame ♪ - So good, I love that. (hip hop music) ♪ Look at here ♪ ♪ Listen up ♪ ♪ I'm the one ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Hey girls, my name's Alaska ♪ ♪ I got a tiny little question to ask ya ♪ ♪ Who's that bitch that's on the top ♪ ♪ Oh wait, that's me, hey Porkchop ♪ ♪ You're born naked, the rest is drag ♪ ♪ But your face just needs a paper bag ♪ ♪ Give me a challenge and I'll crush you all ♪ ♪ Changing the game like my name's RuPaul ♪ ♪ Line 'em up, front to back ♪ ♪ I'm sending bitches home like a heart attack ♪ ♪ Mess with me and you'll wind up in a casket ♪ ♪ I'm Dorothy, you're Toto, get in the basket ♪ ♪ I'll read ya down beneath the ground ♪ ♪ Could ya hold my purse while I snatch the crown ♪ ♪ Legacy, remember my name ♪ ♪ 'Cause you're gonna see me hanging in the Hall of Fame ♪ (RuPaul laughs) ♪ You've been read ♪ ♪ I'm the one, one, one, ow ♪ ♪ I'm the one, one, one, ow ♪ ♪ I'm I'm the one, ow ♪ ♪ Detox comin' at ya with a slow verse ♪ ♪ I'mma speed it up, I had to shut it down first ♪ ♪ Killin' bitches so hard I need a pink hearse ♪ ♪ I ain't sayin' I'm the best, but I ain't the worst ♪ ♪ You see me shining I'm trying to take this primetime ♪ ♪ I see you whining and crying, take that to Lifetime ♪ ♪ So epic that is poetic, I spit it on a dime ♪ ♪ On Reddit you look pathetic with that nursery rhyme ♪ ♪ You can't stand me, I don't blame you ♪ ♪ If Ru's number one, I'm number two ♪ ♪ You disagree, well that's on you ♪ ♪ Eyes on the chalkboard I'll spell it out for you ♪ ♪ D to the E to the T ♪ ♪ To the O to the hold it ♪ ♪ X ♪ ♪ Naomi Campbell-ing these hoes to the crown, next ♪ ♪ Wrote you, told you, now I read ya, read ya ♪ ♪ Wrote you, told you, now I, now I read ya, read ya ♪ ♪ Wrote you, told yo, now I, now I read ya ♪ ♪ You've been read ♪ ♪ I'm the one, one, one, ow ♪ ♪ I'm I'm the one, ow ♪ ♪ Yekaterina Petrovna Zamolodchikova ♪ ♪ But your dad just calls me Katya ♪ ♪ I'm the bright red scare with the long blonde hair ♪ ♪ Always keep 'em coming back for more ♪ ♪ You a basic ass ho and it's your time to go ♪ ♪ So bitch let me show you the door ♪ ♪ 'Cause it's me who's getting laid ♪ ♪ And I'm always getting paid ♪ ♪ The only high class Russian whore ♪ ♪ I'm a scorching hot mess in a skintight dress ♪ ♪ That's a rash, not a herpes sore ♪ ♪ Lenin in the streets, Dostoevsky in the sheets ♪ ♪ Baby are you ready for this Cold War ♪ ♪ Katya Zamolodchikova ♪ ♪ Wrote you, told you, now I, now I read ya, read ya ♪ ♪ Wrote you, told you, now I, now I read ya ♪ ♪ You've been read ♪ ♪ I'm Roxxxy Andrews and I'm here to make it clear ♪ ♪ I know you love me baby, that's why you brought me here ♪ ♪ Was a bitch on season five, I'm gonna make it right ♪ ♪ Give me a sewing challenge and I'll give ya what you like ♪ ♪ I'm full of tricks, baby ♪ ♪ Just like I'm Halloween ♪ ♪ A room full of monsters and it makes me wanna scream ♪ ♪ I have to get this right ♪ ♪ So you don't waste your time ♪ ♪ Not like my comedy, I'm killin' on this rhyme ♪ ♪ I'm gonna show you what I can do ♪ ♪ You're going crazy and seeing two ♪ ♪ It's not my fault, you can't play my game ♪ ♪ All these others hoes but they're all the same ♪ ♪ Wrote you, told you, now I, now I read ya, read ya ♪ ♪ Wrote you, told you, now I, now I read ya ♪ ♪ You've been read ♪ ♪ I'm the one, one, one ♪ ♪ Wrote you, wrote you, told ya ♪ ♪ Now I wrote you, wrote you, told ya ♪ ♪ Now I read ya, read ya, read ya ♪ - Oh my god! - Bravo! - Yeah! - Work! First up, Alaska. - It's Glamorgan Fairchild. - Yeah. - [Alaska] I wanna show the judges that I can do more than just convey humor, camp in my runway looks. I'm wearing a gold dress and gold is like trophies. - [Todrick] What's her Glitter handle? (RuPaul laughs) - [RuPaul] Detox, so glamorous. - [Carson] It's Kylie Man-ogue. - [Detox] Usually Detox is very severe up in here, but this is a softer side of Detox, it's a softer side of Sears. This is the best I've ever felt here. - [Todrick] This is a slam dunk for me, nothing but netting. - [RuPaul] Yes. Katya. - Wow. - Do the bustle! (judges laughing) - [Katya] I am the confident, complex, regal matriarch of a Russian mafia family enjoying her last days on Earth before she is set ablaze by jealous relatives. - [Ross] I know where I'm hiding if there's an earthquake. - Yeah. (judges laughing) ♪ Sexy sexy drag queen ♪ - [RuPaul] Roxxxy Andrews. - [Carson] Victor Victorious. - [Roxxxy] I'm giving them the full thick and juicy fantasy, showing off the Andrews' goods. I am getting my complete, entire life. - [RuPaul] That's not a sequinsed dress. That is a crystal extravaganza. - [Carson] These have always brought her luck. (RuPaul laughs) ♪ Sexy sexy drag queen ♪ - Ladies, one final question. Why should you and not your fellow All Stars be inducted into the Drag Race Hall of Fame? Alaska. - Yes, I've thrown fits, I've thrown tantrums. Perhaps I'm just a RuPaul's Drag Race obsessed superfan. Was I obsessed when Shannel was Miss Absolut Mandarin? (Alaska slurping) (RuPaul laughs) Yes, god. Was I obsessed when India Ferrah and Phoenix walked into the Werk Room in the same wig and the same outfit? Absolutely. (RuPaul laughs) For it is my fanatical devotion and my undying love and respect for the world that RuPaul has created here that puts me wig, head, and shoulders above any competitor. - Oh my god. - Look into your hearts, where you will find that the only inductee into the RuPaul's Drag Race Hall of Fame is I, Alaska halleloo, yes God, okurr! (Alaska pops tongue) (judges laughing) (judges applauding) - All right, Detox. Same question. - All I can say is how magical of an experience this has been to me. It's been full of joy and tears and perseverance, and I don't wanna throw these girls under the bus, but! (RuPaul laughs) I will say that I feel like I have shown such an amount of growth and maturity and humility that I want to just travel around the world and share that with everyone, and say that it will get better no matter how crazy or weird you may be, that I could be some kind of a beacon of hope for all those weirdos out there, and thank you. (both laughing) - Katya. - Charisma, uniqueness, nerve, talent. What do these qualities have in common? I don't know, I'm not a scientist. (judges laughing) I stand here a charismatic woman of grace and dignity with a unique sense of humor and point of view. In season seven, you let me show the world that I'm good enough. And here, you let me believe it myself. And I can't thank you enough for that. Like they say in Russia, (speaking foreign language). - What does that mean? - I have a carburetor outside that I just have to do some work on. (all laughing) - Thank you, Katya. - Thank you. - All right, Roxxxy, same question. - I came onto All Stars to prove to America and myself that I can compete and do it the right way. And if you decide to crown me, I just want you to know that I will never give up. I'll always keep fighting, and you know, I can stand here so proud of myself. I won when I walked in the door, and every week after that, I was winning. I can't tell you not to crown one of these three girls 'cause they're so phenomenal, but I want you to crown me. (all laughing) - Thank you, ladies. I think we've heard enough. (tense music) Alaska, Detox, Katya. You are the top three All Stars of the season. Roxxxy, my dear, this is not your time. But you are and will always be an All Star. Now, sashay away. - I'm a little disappointed, but I'm walking away so proud. I got to show who I truly was. I will forever be thick and juicy, goodbye! (all laughing) - Yeah! - Woo! - Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me, and prove to the world that you belong in the Drag Race Hall of Fame. (intense music) The time has come (thunder booms) for you to lip sync for your legacy! Good luck, and don't (bleep) it up. ♪ If I were your woman ♪ ♪ And you were my man ♪ ♪ You'd have no other woman ♪ ♪ You'd be weak as a lamb ♪ ♪ If you had the strength ♪ ♪ To walk out that door ♪ ♪ My love would overrule my sense ♪ ♪ And I'd call you back for more ♪ ♪ If I were your woman ♪ ♪ If you were my woman ♪ ♪ If I were your woman ♪ ♪ If you were my woman ♪ ♪ And you were my man ♪ ♪ Yeah, she tears you down ♪ - I should be America's next drag superstar because I'm the complex female character. I have the passion to do something different, and disturbing, and challenging. ♪ When she lets you fall ♪ - I wanna win All Stars because I'm obsessed with RuPaul's Drag Race. I can't think of anyone who could possibly have their picture on that Hall of Fame, besides me. ♪ You're a part of me ♪ - I should be America's next drag superstar because I want to be the queen of the weirdos. I know I joke about it all the time, or I say the crown is mine, but I really feel like it's (bleep) mine, and I deserve it. ♪ If you were my woman ♪ - I want it so bad! ♪ If you were my woman ♪ ♪ If I were your woman ♪ ♪ If you were my woman ♪ ♪ Here's what I'd do ♪ ♪ What would ya do, what would ya do ♪ ♪ Never, never, never stop loving you ♪ (judges applauding) - Wow! (tense music) Ladies, the time has come to crown our queen. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, the next queen to be inducted into the Drag Race Hall of Fame is (suspenseful music) Alaska. ♪ You're a champion ♪ ♪ Greatest of 'em all ♪ ♪ You're a champion, never gonna fall ♪ - [RuPaul] Condragulations, you're a winner baby. (Alaska sobbing) ♪ You're a champion ♪ - Here you are, darling. On behalf of your millions of fans around the world, my queen, I bow to thee. Now, is there anything you'd like to say? - Anus-thing is possible. (RuPaul laughs) - Now remember, if you can't love yourself how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? - [All] Amen! - All right now prance, my queen! - Okay. - Prance! ♪ You're a champion ♪ ♪ Greatest of 'em all ♪ - I'm feeling so proud, and so honored, and so grateful. I couldn't be more happy. - While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. You may leave the stage. - As a duo, Pearl and I, we did really well. Of course I did better. (laughs) And I deserve to win. But either way, it's a victory for both of us. - I gotta stop winning challenges, because it seems like every time I win a challenge, I'm going to be lip synching for my life the following week. - Everybody good? - Thank God. - This alcohol is going to make me fall asleep. - [Kennedy] Yes. (laughs) - [Ginger] Ugh, that's okay. - Remember the days when we had to cram onto this couch? - I know. - Well, I'd like to tell everyone bye. - Oh my God. Please just shut up. - Nobody knows. - I was just going to say... I was going to say that. (laughs) - You? - Yeah, I'm going to... - They had nothing but good things to say about you. - No, I know, I mean, I know I'm in the bottom. - Well there's only six of us now, so now it's like there's not even safe, there's just top or bottom. - Somebody have to do it, shit. - I don't know, I feel like... I just have a feeling. I don't know, that tonight's the night for me. - I always have that feeling. I think I won today, actually. - [Pearl] I just have that feeling. - So they had the most amount of critiques to say for me and Ginger. - No they, what are you talking about? - They were like, you were really in your head, Violet. - But they weren't... - [Violet] And I wasn't. - But they didn't like me. Do you know what I mean? They didn't like me, the judges didn't gag at all. The judges look at me like I'm completely fucking insane. And I just feel like I'm fucked. - I just have a feeling, you know? You know when you just have a feeling? - When you have to lip synch, you can feel it. You really can. The day I lip synched, I woke up knowing. - Do you really think it's you? Then I think it's me and you. - Yeah. - What did they say negative about you? - That I'm stiff and I have white boy syndrome and I can't dance. - The dancing, you are a little rhythmically challenged. - Now I actually think the stiffness helped with the Charleston, not so great with the twerking. - But the only thing that really registered is the stiff part. You have great energy. They were saying that I was in my head, which is what I've been struggling with this entire time. - But I honestly assumed you were going to be a really good dancer, just from your body and stuff. - Yeah, me too. (laughter) - Was I not? Oh my God. - No, no, just that it took a little while to get the steps. - I'm more of a poser than a dancer. - Yeah, you give good face in a wig. - I've called you a poser from day one. - Whatever. - Pearl, everybody on the judges panel wanted to have sex with you. (laughter) - I have to admit, this bitch been turning me on ever since we been working. - Ooh! - Oh my God. - I was like, damn, this bitch looks so goddamn good. Pearl was just giving me a little sexy and naughtiness. ♪ I want your money, money, money, money ♪ - He's hot. He looks like fucking James Dean. He does to me. - And I look like Jimmy Dean, the sausage. - You're so hot Pearl, let's fuck. - Well thank you all for saying that. It's very nice to hear. And I'm surprised you wanted to have sex even after watching me twerk like a fucking idiot. - That has nothing to do with the bedroom, baby. We can work around that. (laughter and whooping) - Let me see you do a little twerk right here. (laughter) - That's not twerking, honey, that's preparing. (laughter) - It's like female prison. We could all be total mugs, but in here long enough. - Oh gee, thanks. - No, you're cute though, you're cute. You cute. - Hot douche, she called me a hot douche. - When I saw you come out on the runway, I was like, "oh." Like you were very coquettish. And then when you turned, and I mean this as a compliment, it was very hot douchey guy. (laughs) - It's like when you warm it up in the microwave before you shove it in your pussy. - I always have mine piping hot, because I love to... - You're like a straight porn star. You know how they're like douche, you know what I mean? - Like you're the guy that you wouldn't tell anyone you had sex with. - Alcatraz, bitch. (laughs) - I think you look like 007 from the side. - You look like a prisoner, bitch. - A prisoner? What do you mean? - [Kennedy] I said Alcatraz. - Oh okay, like the birdman of Alcatraz. - Like the date, you know, you look like you have an era about you. - But this was a cool ass challenge. - You know what, I thought it was going to be stupid. - But looking at you, it really registers. Same with you. - She looks really great. - It really is so cool to just imagine it mirrored and then just see the other side mirrored. - I think it kind of also brings out how handsome you are. - My name is Alyssa Edwards. The one and the only. I'm kicking, trolling, and splitting. You, Miss Kennedy. (laughter) All the way from Dallas, Texas, baby. I want you to remember how you got your ass sitting right there. And that's being the fierce queen that you are. You need to know that every fan, family member, and individual in the state of Texas is so very proud of you because you are a star. Go out there and give them that last high kick, twirl into a split, like I know you can. This land was made for you, for her, and for somebody from Texas to bring that crown home. So bitch don't you come home empty handed, or you might as well just stay over there in Hollywood. (laughter) Do your thing. Always and forever, Alyssa Edwards. (cheering and screaming) - That was awesome! - Oh wow. - I have never met her, I've always wanted to. - Oh my fucking God. - It's overwhelming to get that kind of love, because I was honestly, like, we've had our intimate moments, and she's a very intelligent person and we kind of started around the same time. And we both entered into it was like a newcomer pageant that you have to go to talent night and you win by audience applause and then at the end you do... - So you better bring a lot of fucking friends. - Yeah, and it's like... and I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I didn't have a lot of friends, so I totally relied on my talent and I won and then the next year Alyssa ran and I crowned her. But I mean, that was so nice. Thanks, Alyssa, that means a whole lot. - That was so cute. - That was adorable. - She's too much in the perfect way. - Yes, absolutely. - It means a lot for Alyssa to take time out of her schedule to show some love to me. To just have someone from my hometown that knows me give me some words of encouragement and give me something from the heart. I'm just grateful. - I wonder who's going to send me a video. - Trixie, start doing your makeup right, girl. (laughs) - Well that's awesome though. What she's saying is true for all of us. Remember how you fucking got in the seat you're in bitch. - It's cool for all of us to hear from someone who's like, I know exactly what you're fucking going through. - She's like, they might have you all on the floor. - She encouraged me also to come and audition. - She's amazing, she's the real deal. - I can't believe I did her for Snatch Game. She's going to probably be horrified. - You know, I've always wanted to ask you, Alyssa, what is your secret? - I'm sitting on it. - Oh, okay. (laughs) - You almost got me there, bitch. - She's a character and she's going to laugh. - We get this moment together 'cause we're not smokers. - I know, right? - Yay, lungs. - I think it's going to be me for sure. I just feel like it's my time tonight. - I feel the same way. - This song was the song I did in my audition video. - And you think you're coming full circle? - Right, I feel like this is my circle. So it's the song that got me in, it's going to be the song I leave with. - That's very poetic. - Seriously though, that's how I feel about it. - Trixie, you're giving me Brokeback Mountain right now. - Girl, my back feels broke after lifting up Ginger. I love cowboys, I feel sexy as a cowboy. - You give me oh, I'm going to go get fucked in the woods. - Ooh! - Done it. - You need to quit it with all that because I'm so ready. - Are you getting to that point girl? Is sex just on your mind? - [Kennedy] I past that point. - You have no idea. You have no idea. - I'm like, Pearl, you look handsome. You're like, I've been trying to fuck Pearl since the beginning of the competition. - I did not say it like that. - [Trixie] Yes you did! - I did not say fuck. - What did you say? - I said I had been attracted to her since we started. - She's beautiful, she's a hot guy. - Because the majority of our routine is face to face and I really get to clock her and see what's going on. - Me and Katya were basically fucking on our dance, and I had to look into Katya's eyes. - I mean, I'm like damn, we are men. - And boys will be boys. - Aw. I'll see you back on the East Coast. - Yes you will. - I know. - I think it's going to be me. - I'm going to go finish my cocktail. - Okay. I don't want to have to lip synch. I don't want to go, so the stress, the tension is building. - Come here. - Oh. - Why do you feel like you're.. - I don't know, I just think that they didn't have anything really particularly great to say about me. - I feel like they had some great things to say about me, but for every great thing there was two bad things. So. - I just feel like when you get hot douche. (laughs) It's like the kiss of death. - I'm hoping I can learn these fucking words. - I don't know. - I don't know either. - I'm just, I'm not in my right mind. - I'm totally expecting for myself to have to lip synch. - Here's the real talk though, Kennedy has skills that I will never have and it's the flip side of the coin, you know what I mean? - Oh totally, it's the same with me and Ginger. She has shit that I'll never have and I have shit she'll never have. - Ginger's amazing. I think she's lip synching tonight. - I think me and Ginger are lip synching together tonight. - I think it's Katya and Ginger. It sounded like they... - I don't have a clue. - It's hard because they literally, you can tell they like all of us. - They call me, I'll be like, ready, hit the track playback. - If I'm going to lip synch against you, I'm just going to sit there, bitch and just be like, well all right. - Me and Katya said if you're lip synching this song, we're literally going to stand there and just have money and go. - Because for real. - Because what's the point of trying? - If you're lip synching this song, I'm not, like, bye. I just will go to the work room. I'll just book it to the work room and talk my shit. In general I think I'm a really strong lip syncher. But I don't really want to lip synch against Kennedy. This song is like, when I think of this song, I think of you. - It's burning in my feet, baby. - And trust me, if I lip synch, I will be channeling you the house down and probably looking a goddamn fool doing it. - Love what you do, honey. - They didn't say anything bad about you. Actually I think I won this week. - Oh, okay Trxie Mattel, you can go home again. I'm ready for that bitch to leave already. - I think the bottom's going to be... I just think Ginger is amazing. And I was eliminated and I was at home thinking, Ginger's going to be in the top three. - I was going to say something while she was talking, because I was like, quit saying that you cannot dance. - Yeah, and that shows weakness, quit it. I'm not a fucking comedian or an actor, and I'm fucking trying to be strong and power through all the challenges. You don't see me up there tearing up because of my weakness, I'm trying to show strength. And it's like, yeah, you may not be a seamstress, you may not be a dancer, but fucking buck up because I had to buck up for all the acting challenges and the comedian challenges. - She has the power to do so. - Right, it's just like... - And that's why I was like, girl, - [Violet] Buck the fuck up. - [Kennedy] Don't say that. I told her, I don't speak that into existence. You don't speak defeat. - Yeah, it's hard. - You gotta get out of your head, and Ginger's doing a song challenge she just feels so defeated already and I'm just like, bitch, fuck you. When it was an acting challenge or a comedy challenge, I didn't come out feeling defeated. I didn't cry to the judges. I wasn't giving this weak thing. And it upsets me that she's over here letting herself get in her own head because this isn't her gig or her schtick and she doesn't do this. - It's like she's so good. - Have some goddamn strength. She's so good. - She's so good. - I believe in Ginger. She just needs to relax and just do the competition. - That's why she's fucking here. - Yeah, she's amazing. - I agree. - Here's the thing too, in this competition, let's say you are a trained dancer, they expect the world of you. And when you're not a trained dancer, they still expect the world of you but they don't know and they don't care what your background is. - That was my gig because I was feeling like it may not have been enough for them. Because they was expecting... - [Violet] Expecting more. - Yeah, exactly. - But girl, I saw you all rehearsing and I saw when you were twerking your booty on Pearl's crotch. Like when your legs... - [Kennedy] It felt so good. - Were like spread bitch. (laughs) - It felt so good. What? - Excuse me? (laughter) - We all wanna have a kai kai. - Girl, no matter what happens tonight, I'm proud of myself because both parts of this challenge, both aspects, are my weakest points as a performer. And I feel like I did really well. So if I've got to go home, might as well do it on a high note. I know I'm not the best dancer in the world, and I know that I have not lived up to my potential. I know that I have not done my best in this challenge. And I understand that I could be lip synching for my life tonight. I need a little more alcohol. - Seriously, I would love to get drunk right now. - Well, good for you. (laughs) No matter what, if we don't have another moment, if for some reason I am eliminated tonight... - Or likewise, more realistically. - I love you. - I love you too. - And you're my best friend here. - I love you too, so, so much, like so, so much. - Yeah, absolutely. - So much. - Stop talking to me, I'm going to go inside and rehearse. You should ask for alcohol and then give it to me. - I need a drink. - - [RuPaul] Thank you my queens. I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. You may leave the stage. - [Pearl] [bleep] you bitches. - I go into the day being like oh I love these girls, lalalalala, and then all of a sudden true colors start to come out and I'm like okay, these people don't know me. Maybe I don't know them. Maybe I just know myself. - I know it's a competition, but it was a surprise to hear their real opinions because they're so real and they've been so honest, but neither of them have ever told me that that's how they really felt, ever. (claps) - Ooh, this cocktail's been calling my name, honey. Yes, good and ready. - This must be mine. - Ooh, I feel like this is punishment. (sighing) - Well that was rough. - It was rough. - But it's over, come what may, you know? - You all right, girl? - Yeah, what are you thinking about? - I'm just trying to process everything. I just need to like, just replay everything. I need to just chill and process what's happening. - Okay, so let's talk about our answers to this question. Just so we can put it out there, talk it out and get over it. - Why should you and not your competitors be crowned America's next drag superstar? - Violet has the shortest temper I have ever seen and that's a problem when you're dealing with the world. And Pearl, as much as she has grown, was ready to walk away from a golden opportunity. - Everything that I said, I've already said so I mean, it's not like it's a harsh blow and it shouldn't be a harsh blow to anybody, what anybody said. - Well I didn't say anything about you guys. And I wish I would've. - We were supposed to, though. Like she said-- - I know, well, I wish I would've followed the instructions, I guess. - I didn't want to say anything about you guys. - Me either, because I mean, I don't think it helps them make a decision. - What didn't help was how you two had each others' back, but just threw the two of us under the bus. - Well that's how I feel. With the exception of Ginger, I don't think the other girls are ready. - If I could, I would split this with Kennedy. I'd say crown us both, we'll get conjoined twin gowns and we'll wear them all year. And that's exactly how I feel as well. - You've never made me feel like that. - What, I mean, that's how I feel and I've always had a problem with your drag. I never understood it, and I've made that been known in interviews and everything. I'll say, Pearl walks out here in these panty girdles and these thigh highs that has holes in 'em almost every challenge she's down the runway and if it's not showing, it's under her garment. And I've always had a problem with it, so that's why-- - Well, it's a good thing you got it out in the interview. - This is your opportunity to pull out your best [bleep] and I just didn't see it. - I like your style and I like your fashion. The only thing I have a problem with is you saying that you feel you've shown the most diversity, because as far as I'm concerned, everything I've done has been very different for me. -I mean my [bleep] may look like I just came from a pageant, but I didn't repeat. My hair has always been different. - I just don't want to feel this way anymore. I just don't want to feel like this anymore. Ginger and Kennedy have done competitions like this before. They're both pageant girls. I don't know if that has something to do with it. They both have the competitive nature. They both are here to win, and me and Pearl are, you know, a little bit more artistic and a little bit more tactful and relaxed. I'm just like bitch, [bleep] calm down. - Let's talk about these judges' critiques. None of us know where the [bleep] we stand. - Well and they all disagree, so you're like okay so, was I good or was I bad or, you guys don't communicate? - And then Ru just sits in the middle going uh-huh, uh-huh. Kennedy, I think you and I had not one bit of negative criticism. - [Kennedy] Yeah. - But we've seen that backfire before. - Yeah, you never know. - Well, you guys definitely had each others backs, so we all knew the who y'all want next to you. - Kennedy and I have been friends for years, though. - But you know what, if Ginger's ass wasn't right, I would say that. - She's dressed me for pageants. We competed against each other in pageants. Kennedy and I, we share the pageant world, so... - Yeah and I can, like it's such a letdown and the struggle is like really real in the pageantry world because it's just like this but-- - It's like this but crammed into two nights. Do either of you do pageants, have you ever? - No. - No. - Have you ever thought about it? - Not really. - Because of your creativity. - I believe so as well. - You know what I'm saying? - I know that I could go and do a pageant and slay it away, but that's not why I [bleep] do drag. - That's not where I see myself in the future. - I think every drag queen should do a pageant. It is boot camp. It is drag queen boot camp. - Right. - Because you have to be punctual, you have to be nice, you have to make sure you get every single point that you can get. So you have to be on your mark at every single moment. And I feel like I would not be as professional as I am if I didn't have the pageant background. If I lose this entire competition, I won't like it, but I'll be okay with it because I have the pageant background that teaches me, bitch it's usually not gonna work out in your favor. - I mean if I was in the 60s or 50s bitch, I would be a pageant girl. - The 60s or 50s? - Yeah girl, that's when, I mean not-- - Mary Louise, read Wikipedia once in a while. It was like '78. It ain't that old. What the hell? I love Violet, but part of drag is you have to know your drag herstory. - I just don't think drag queens should be put against each other. I think the competitive nature-- - Then why the [bleep] are you on RuPaul's Drag Race? - I mean, I just, I don't like it. Like, before this episode, before we went out there and said all that [bleep], I liked all of you, and now I don't. - You don't like us? - I don't like, I miss my friends now. - We're still your friends. -I know, I'm just saying, like it's the competitive [bleep]. I know it's just the name of the game and dadada. - But it's just like a regular beauty pageant. It's like real women running pageants. - It's nothing that we haven't said to you before. All I said was-- - Can I just finish my thought? - Yes, please do. - I just prefer drag queens to be artists and to appreciate each others art and not be competitive. Artists should never compete with each other. - We chose to come here and we already knew what it was going to entail. - And that's why I don't do pageants. I can't do competitive, like this is some-- - You've just done the world's biggest pageant, bitch! - Well this is the most competition I can deal with as far as drag goes. I don't do drag to compare myself to other people. I do drag for me, and that's it. - Pearl is pissed off, bitch. - I'm just [bleep] waiting to go back on the stage, that's all it is. - How does everybody feel about their chances of making it into the top three? - Girl, what, I don't want to talk about that. - Yeah, after you two threw us under the bus. Who the hell knows? - Well we know... But, who knows if they don't sit back and go, well the two of them threw the other two under the bus, so let's get rid of one of them. - I don't know, everyone thinks I'm on drugs and that I have no personality. So I'm probably-- - I never said either of those things. - I was joking about the drug references. - I think you're [bleep] amazing. And the only reason that I brought up the fact that you said you were ready to walk off the show was because we're supposed to make ourselves sound as good as possible. But... - Then that's [bleep] up. - But, but Pearl, I will also say I was pissed off at you in that moment because I saw in you that you had so much more to offer. - Girl, if there's anyone sitting here that I've talked to more about that moment, it's with you. So, if anyone should be pissed off that I was about to walk off, it shouldn't be you. And you're the one to [bleep] bring that [bleep] up? - Well, 'cause I want to be top three. - Okay! Well that's [bleep] up and shady, then. - I know that it is. - Okay, so how am I supposed to, I'm just supposed to be cool with that, then? - No, I'm not saying you should be cool. You know that it's shady, I'm supposed to be cool with it? - I'm not saying that you should be cool with that. I don't think that any of us should be cool with anything that anybody else said. - You should be cool with what I said because I didn't bring y'all up. - You should be fine. We didn't say anything about the two of you. She didn't say anything about you, and you didn't say anything about her. - Whether you said anything about me or not, it doesn't matter. - It's easy to say that when nobody said anything about you. - That's the name of the game. You taking this [bleep] serious, girl? Get over yourself, Miss Thang. In the words of Miss Lashauwn Beyond, this is not RuPaul Best Friend Race, honey. - I never said that you haven't made leaps. In fact, I said, she's made leaps and bounds since. She's really proven herself since. - You didn't say that. - Yes I did! Violet, did I not commend her for actually coming out? - I heard you say is that you were [bleep] gagged that she would squander this golden opportunity and that you were appalled pretty much that she would even render the words that she was gonna leave. You did not touch on the fact that she did not leave, or touch on the fact that she is still here as top four. - Yes, I [bleep] did! Before I even said that. - Roll the tapes. - Pearl, as much as she has grown, was ready to walk away from a golden opportunity. You know what, [bleep] all of this right now. I'm gonna have a cigarette, I'm gonna calm down. I love both of you, and I think that you are amazing, Pearl, but you had one weak moment. - Girl, [bleep] that. You don't have to justify what you said. What you said is what you said and if she have a problem with it, she just have a problem with it. Bitch, I'm gonna slap Ginger. Bitch, what the [bleep]? You don't have to prove nothing to her. You don't have to explain nothing to that bitch. If she don't believe it, then she don't believe it. - What I said was exactly how I felt. - She's a grown ass man, and if she cannot accept the fact of how somebody else is feel, that's an opinion, that is a [bleep] opinion. Everybody have an opinion. You either take it or you don't. They've been criticizing all of us this whole time! This whole time! - Okay, well, you two stand here and yell at each other. I'm gonna go outside and have a cigarette. - Pearl, no, seriously, before you go, please, please, come here. - It's fine! - I love you, and I told you that! - And I know that, and you two are very competitive people and you're going to do whatever you have to say. - Well you know what, maybe pageants are for everybody. - What's done is done, and we will rehash it again at the reunion! - The problem is, she's still acting like there's a problem even though she's saying there's not. - Because as shady as anybody thinks that I am, I'm an open book and I will say anything that I feel to your face. - I don't have to take you home with me. - I'm here to play the game the way that they ask us to play it. - I agree, I understand from your speech that you want to be here very badly. That's all I really got, overall from your speech, that's what I got. - And at the end of the day, honestly, nothing that I said was meant to hurt anybody. And I tried so hard to say it in a way-- - Who wants to do that? - Nobody, and at the same time, you guys even said it yourself, you have more experience being competitive as far as drag goes. Maybe that's where that's coming from, I don't know. - Any question in interview or whatever. Anything they give us on a card that we have to answer is two or three parts. One part, whatever, you still have to answer that question. - And that's part of the pageant training. - I'm not mad at anyone. Y'all did what you were supposed to do. You know, and it's the name of the game! - If you was mad at a bitch, I would know it. You get what I'm saying? - I'm not mad, I'm not mad at anybody. - And I respect Violet for that. - I'm just trying to take everything in, you know, and just really, just take it in. - I don't want you to be hurt. That's my issue with Pearl right now. I don't want her to be hurt because she's my sister and I love her very much, but it's part of the game. It's what they asked us to do. - We've watched every season all the way up until this point. We know what they're going to ask, so why is it such a big deal when we have to be honest? - Kennedy, do you know the only thing that this actually kind of proves to me right now? Is that maybe she's not ready to be America's next drag superstar. Because you know how much [bleep] people are gonna talk about us once any of this airs? - Yeah, well you know they're talking about Jesus, so I'm ready. (laughs) - What the [bleep]? - I'm just over it. - I love you, Violet. I just want you to know that. - I love everyone here, you know? But I love myself a lot more. - Yeah, we know. - [Ginger] We know! - [Kennedy] We know! - The [bleep] old bitter lady brigade are so experienced and you know, being poised and graceful and in their pageantry mode that they're totally willing to just throw someone under the bus because that's what they do when they're on their stage doing a [bleep] pageant. It, whatever, but whatever. - Pearl Louise. - I really just don't give a [bleep]. - Are you like legit upset about anything that I said? - You know, I'm not upset about what you said, whatever. I get it's a competition. What I'm going through is I'm so disappointed in you and Kennedy because y'alls is just a couple of mice that have fallen into the trap of playing this game. I have too much class to be trying to tell somebody that they don't deserve to be in the top three. I'll tell you why I deserve to be in the top three. I'm not gonna like throw someone under the bus and try to tell you why you don't deserve this. - The only thing I cited was that you had a weak moment. I may not have said it in the right way. I really may not have. - I know, you made it perfectly clear inside. You're just trying to get to the top three and you're saying whatever you need to say. - No, it's not just that. All I was saying is that in that exact moment the only thing I could think of was this bitch is squandering a golden opportunity. I've said to you all day long I want the top three to be me, Kennedy, and you. - I wish that you said that. - No, no, you're absolutely right, and maybe I should have. - I looked at the question and answered it. That's how I see it. And I've told you time and time again that I respect you, and I do. Because I wish I had the creative mind, but we just come from two totally different generations of drag. And that's what make it special. - I totally agree. I mean, I respect what you do so much. When you perform, you [bleep] light up. That is why I do drag. The energy you bring to the stage, and when you're dancing is the beautiful part that draws me to drag queens. - I cherish that with all my heart because that's all I've ever wanted to do. - It's very legacy. I mean, you carry on a strong, strong tradition of female illusion, and you should be so proud of yourself. - I'm content with what I've done and I'm happy with it, but proud of myself it's like, I don't see it like that. - What, that you're not proud of yourself? - Yeah, I mean, I feel accomplished and I feel like-- - Bitch, we are top four of the Olympics of drag. RuPaul herself has told you how amazing you are. - It's just been hard. I mean, honestly, it's really been hard to even like deal with how I feel about myself. I can't look in the mirror like you and be like bitch, I'm sickening. - Yes you can! - No like, I haven't though. - You need to look in a mirror right now, bitch! - I haven't though. All I've known is to like bitch, get in drag and do my, and work. That's all I know. - And you do! - You work so hard, bitch. - I mean, I just get in drag. I've never looked in the mirror and been like, oh I am sickening. I have never said that I'm beautiful. - Well you are! You so are! I just can't fathom that you don't see that and you don't know that. - Honestly, I never have. - I'm like so impressed by Kennedy's lip sync performances but I've only really seen that Kennedy when she lip syncs. Prior to her being in the bottom two, I would've never known that about her. She lights up when she performs. It's amazing to watch. I hope to god you watch the show and you say bitch, I'm sickening. (sighs) - Bitch crying and [bleep]. - Girl, bitch drunk. (laughs) - I'm not drunk, but I do feel good. - This bitch is! - Girl, it's the last episode. You all should pour us another one. - Y'all, give us another round. - Five minute warning! - [bleep] that! - Step back to main stage, thank you. - I wonder what's going on outside amid the smokers. - Me too. I'm gonna let them talk 'cause-- - Miss Thing and Miss Thing need to talk it out for real, though. - Like I don't know what else to say. You completely understand where I'm coming from. - I do. - And I told you just now I know what you're doing and I get it. It's all good. - No, it's not. I did not mean for it to come off the way that it did. In my head, it didn't sound that way, and I apologize. I really do 'cause I love you. - Thank you for apologizing. And I think that you're absolutely amazing and you know that I think you're absolutely amazing. - I do, thank you. - And I hope that at the end of the day it's me, you, and Kennedy. It might not even be me. Bitch, I might have to pack up my [bleep] and go home tonight. - All right, Jinx. Enough. - Hug me, bring it in. You hug these linebacker shoulders, bitch. You hug 'em because you know you love me. - This lip sync is the lip sync of all lip syncs, because this proves why you need to be in the top three and I'm so glad that I wore the biggest hair of my life and I'm the prettiest one because I know all eyes are gonna be on me. - Good luck, girls. - [Kennedy] Kiss my ass Miss Shandra. - [Violet] Do you have to sound like a bitch when you say it? - Girl, I can't help it. It's how I talk. - Me and you have that problem in common. - All right, kids, it's the moment of truth. This is the most important lip sync of the entire season because it's all four of us and this is going to determine who stays and who goes. - If there's one thing we have in common... - It's not a waist size, bitch. It might as well be our attitude. - Okay, this is it. I'm very proud for the way I competed and I really want this. - Let's head to the main stage! Everybody come on, this way. - Okay. - All right. - [Pearl] Okay, please stop yelling. You tone is very pointed right now. - [Kennedy] Really, I don't care. - [RuPaul] Ladies, before I can decide who makes it to the top three, I need to see you all lip sync for your lives!- - Woo, bitch, I'm giving them [bleep] down. And no matter what happens, I know that I have done my best. Bitch, you better believe I have brought it. (burps) (giggles) Beautiful. - We're top five and it's an amazing feeling and two more challenges left and we're in the top three. It's like, crazy. - Because of this challenge, I almost had a complete and total nervous breakdown. Then somehow I kept it together, and I'm proud of myself. But I'm probably gonna end up in the bottom again. (claps) - [Crew Member] All right, here we go. - Running to that cocktail. - Is this a alcohol? There's always time for a cocktail. - [Kennedy] The perfect day for 'em, honey. - I love how elimination day is also cocktail day. - [Ginger] Oh, I like that they're a little more pink than usual. Goes with the theme. - Biiitch. - Well bitch, I know I'm lip syncing. - Uh-huh. Same here. - I'm praying I don't have to. - But you know what? I ain't even pressed about it because bitch, I made this costume and this came from within. - They said make something that's true to you. - I mean, I know that I have some creativity, but you can't tell me that I'm more creative than what I'm producing. I would never like think to put that on my head and make that. That's just not me, that's not who I am. I put on a dance costume and get out there and twirl. That's what I do. - What kept you from going further with it? - I wish I had some creativity like these ladies. - Well actually, you do. That's why it's strange for us because we see you in a way that you're clearly not seeing yourself. - We can only do our best. You know what I'm saying? We can only take what they say and try to apply it, which is what I have been doing. If this what lands me in the bottom to lip sync, I'm ready, it's no tea. - Let's do this real quick. Katya, let's start with you. What's been your most challenging moment? - I think it happened last night. That was the worst. I mean, I've had, there have been like a lot of moments where I felt really, really bad. But last night I think I had a panic attack and it was one of those things where like-- - [Ginger] Why didn't you tell me? - I... - Girl, like that's what I do. I do panic attacks. I could've helped you. - I mean, right now we are your support group. You can't be going through stuff by yourself if it's that serious. - I know. - As much as I love everybody, like Katya, you're my best friend here. Like, I love you girl and I'm there to help you with whatever, so. - The competition has been so hard in such a way that I didn't expect. This competition is so difficult. It's mentally and physically and spiritually exhausting! I was at the end of my rope. I was running on fumes and I was just, I became so overwhelmed. So obviously I'm worried that I might be going home today. I feel like, honestly I feel like a baby saying it, but-- - Well, yeah! - You know what you can suck? My whole dick. - Can we please? God, I'm so, wait like, finally! - No, no, but to be real I don't know. Today was such a mind[bleep] for me because I just didn't realize how like, how much I, like, needed what I have back home. And it's like, oh I hate it when people say that on this show. Like, I'm so homesick, blah blah blah. - But it's true, bitch! - But it's for real! Like, it's so crazy! - It sucks, it [bleep] sucks. You need that support system. - I've learned how to live and perform sober and all of that is because of the support of other people and in this competition, everybody has been so supportive, and thank god for that. - What sucks is actually having that phone call home and talking to your support system. - That's why I passed on that. - Because that gets in your head, let me tell you. Okay, so what has been your most difficult moment? - My most difficult moment was really feeling like I had no one in the world to talk to. Like I literally felt like everyone hated me. I kind of had a mini breakdown in the beginning because everyone thought I was this rotted [bleep] and I mean, I kind of am that. - You're just a regular [bleep], you're not rotted. - I'm not rotted. - We thought you had a rotted [bleep]. It's totally different. - Whatever. So, I don't know-- - Well you smell like a rotted [bleep], bitch. Yeah, you do. - Bitch, I am so ripe. - Girl, you are ripe. - This is actually, it's not even RuPaul's Drag Race, girl. This is an intervention. (laughing) - Whatever. Fame was the only person who saw through whatever everyone else was seeing and could see into my soul. And that's why I connect with her so well. - No, she just thought you were quiet and you'd listen to her [bleep] farm stories. - She's like, this bitch let me borrow her shoes. - That's it! - It's true. - She hates you. - See, I did the whole smile and nod thing with Fame. I was like mmhmm, so back to my problems. - Well, I will say, I did not hate you at the beginning. I hate you now, but in the beginning... In the beginning, I have to admit when you first walked in I was like oh, that bitch is going home soon. But then once I actually saw what you were doing I was like oh, this [bleep] [bleep]. She's gonna be here for a while. - I'll take that! I'll say that when I came in it was all about competition. I remember being like, okay bitch, game face. Like, you've gotta go in here and be confident and strong and show strength and like, maybe that wasn't the best concept. - No, I mean that has been your greatest asset, are you kidding me? That is the thing I admire about you so much! Bitch, you are in it to win it. - Kennedy, what has been your most difficult moment in this entire competition? - I think it's like all the moments where we get the assignment and it's something that I have to remember and deliver that day, or the next day. Bitch, I'm in [bleep]. I got ants in my pants. - The hardest moment for me was honestly doing the conjoined twins challenge because I was in my [bleep] head. - Why were you in your head? - I was in my head because I said not only is it a sewing challenge. - Well that jumpsuit looked like [bleep]. Oops. - Violet is like that family member that you know you always have to love because they're family, but damn it, you just don't like 'em most of the time. Try again, bitch. No, it didn't, I'm the first one to say. - But your lip sync was so incredible and amazing. - Thank god! But before that happened, not only did I have to sew something, I had to sew something for two people. - There's something white on the bottom of your boobs, Ginger. What is it? - It might be hot glue. I hot glued this to me. - Mmm. - That entire challenge, I never got out of my head and that's why going into this one, I was like, [bleep] it bitch, I'm gonna have fun. And if they hate it, they can hate it. - That's what you have to do. That's what you have to do. That's what you have to do. - Is that what you have to do? - Sweetie, you deserve more and that's what you do. And what you do is what you do. - Pearl, your [bleep] flopping. I thought we finally for the first time had the real Drag Race experience having Santino and Michelle. - Girl, Santino can go jump in a goddamn lake. - I was waiting to hear what you had to say about Santino. - Let's get to that. - You know, I have respect for whoever is in that position, but get yourself familiar with the challenge and what it's calling for before you start opening up your mouth and saying anything. - To cutout all these bows and then sew them on in rows. I thought you were gonna do some kind of amazing flourish. - Well the challenge was to stick to who we are, and this is me, and I stand by it. You know when I made the statement and I said, and I stand by it? My eyes said, next! (laughing) I did! Girl, boo, bye, thank you. - Girl, come on. Santino Rice is one of my favorite people in the world so, bitch let it go! - I mean, what is drag without the right kind of accessories? You know, what is a girl without earrings? - I think that less is more is stupid when it comes to drag. - More is more better! - Like, it's drag! - There's also a time for simplicity and elegance. - I don't think so, though. Not in drag, I mean that's me, it's me. - If that's a criteria, then yes. - Well, and I think like Pearl has, she walks that line perfectly because everything you do is simplistic. I feel like it's best to be as simplistic and clean as possible with these looks. But I don't know what those judges were seeing in that damn snuggie that she was wearing. - I do not like to look like a [bleep] mess. I don't like a bunch of [bleep] going on. - What was the toughest part of this challenge? - My looks are very minimal. I just didn't want to throw a bunch of Hello Kitty trinkets on me to get the point across. So... - Was that a read? - Yes, it was. (laughs) - You know, it's not necessary. If there's a way to get the point across without-- - I feel like I'm super fat, so I have to decorate. - That's the thing, like there's no right or wrong way to [bleep] do it, it's drag. - I think there's a way to make everything work. I really do. - Can you find a way to make that work? - No. - No, see? You've just proven yourself wrong! (laughing) - I have to pray to the lord to help me, to give me strength to deal with these bitches because I'm trying to get ready. I mean, god forbid if I have to lip sync. - Can we get back to this real quick? What one particular moment has been the hardest for you? - Oh my god, when RuPaul walked up to me during our evaluation with me and Max and she said straight up, you have no personality. (gasps) I thought that was unnecessary and I wanted to go, and I was like, [bleep] it. - But, it worked bitch! - It worked. RuPaul definitely taught me to just not give a [bleep] about what your competitors are gonna think and to just be totally free and uninhibited and without her giving me a couple swift kicks in the [bleep] ass, I probably just would have tried to rely on my look and wouldn't have moved on. That was my moment on the show. - Every week, you break through a little bit more. You're better every single week. - So, I'm pretty sure that we're lip syncing together. What I wanna do, I'm not gonna do it because I have some dignity, but I really wanna just sit on the stage and watch you perform. (laughing) And if I had any cash, I would make it rain on you, so... (laughing) - Bitch. - And I don't, if I don't have the chance to say this, I love you so much it like hurts my vagina. - I feel a connection with Katya. And she is a consistent competitor, like me. And hats off to her. - Obviously, you never [bleep] know what happens. - Exactly. - But just in case I don't have the chance to say that, that's what I wanted to tell you. - And the feeling is definitely mutual. - Are you tired of the Deja Ru? - This bitch is determined. - You [bleep] [bleep]. - Let me lick it up, baby. - Oh my god, you two are like [bleep] Matt and Jeff over here. About to go over here with the lip syncers. - Ooh! - Oh! - Well, come on. - You rotted bitch! - Whatever, they'll tell you themselves. - I look like... Schizophrenic! Okay, you know what? I'm not even gonna go there. I'll let the haters on Reddit decide what my outfit actually is. - [bleep]. - Oh my god, thank you for that pan shot. (laughs) - Do you think I'm safe? - Yes, girl. - Ginger, shut the [bleep] up. I don't even trust you for as long as I can throw you, I don't trust you. As far as I can throw-- - Oh girl, and I weigh too much to throw. - You're like, oh I don't know how to construct an outfit. I don't know how to dance! - You're the Jinx Monsoon of season seven who's constantly whining-- - And it seem like Ginger - the only bitch that can get away with saying she don't sew! - No, let me tell you. I get the same exact [bleep] from Ru during walkthroughs for the last couple sewing challenges. - You don't sew. - I, I mean, no I don't. - How far along are you in this? - All I've done is cut out this panel so far. - That can be a problem, Ginger. - Well, those straps are hot glued on. Come on. - Yeah, but you hot glued 'em. - I know. - [Violet] Girl, everything we're wearing is hot glue! - [Ginger] You, ma'am, in the cone of shame. (laughs) - [Violet] The cone of shame. - [Pearl] That kind of reminds me of like a dog cone you know, when you can't stop licking your balls. - And that's how I feel! - But put your head down! - I'm so horny! - Put your head down, now she looks like a juicer! (laughing) But it looks like a juicer that was used and left to sit for three weeks. - [Violet] This is a really expensive juicer! - [Ginger] I'm gonna smoke. - Eugh, god. - Do you wanna do that? - [Kennedy] You all gonna leave, and you know me and Violet ain't got [bleep] to talk about. - You can talk about her, that's all she wants to talk about! - [Pearl] Minj, I've got a question for you. - [Ginger] I have an answer, probably. - Word on the street is is Katya's your best friend here. - She is! I love all of you. - And where does that leave me? - Hopefully as the next one up for elimination. I'm kidding, I'm kidding. No, I love you, I do. - I'm kidding, I know. - I think you're my second best friend here. - Ah! Minj, me? - Nothing but the second best for you. But, no, in all seriousness like Katya and I, I don't know, we've kind of clicked, we've meshed. We have this thing. - I think we all feel that way about Katya. - She's just a genuine soul. - She is, and I'm so ingenuine, and you're so ingenuine. - Disingenuous is the word. Now you ain't grammatical, girl! - Oh, so you're an educated bitch. - Well, I homeschooled, that's why. - Me too! - Did you? - Yeah. - You're my new best friend here. - Oh, sweetie. - I did, when I went into, I was doing a lot of theater when I was younger. And I was doing a lot of national tours and stuff so I couldn't go to school, I didn't have time. - Yeah, I just refused to go, so I was homeschooled. - Oh, that's good. No, I love you girl, so don't worry about that. Let's go in, let's get these bitches, let's go. - All right, I think I got a sip left of cocktail in me. - I can't do another sip if I even tried. (chatting) - Okay everyone, five minute warning to head back to the main stage. Start our touchups, this is a five minute warning. - [Violet] Ooh, girl, it's gonna be a showdown. No, I'm just gonna give him. I'm too tired to-- - Shut up! Shut up. I'm over you defeating yourself before you even got into the [bleep] battle. - No, I'm gonna do my best. - Seriously. - I always do. You need to realize your talent. I think Katya is amazing. I think she's super talented and she doesn't even know it. Look at me. This is me being real. (laughing) Whoa! (laughs) - See, look what happens when you get real, bitch! - I'm not a [bleep]. [bleep], you know, it's just bad luck, man. - Kennedy is amazing. Anybody having to lip sync against her should be scared. But I'm gonna do whatever the [bleep] I can to stay in this competition. ♪ tense music ♪ - That's my sister and I love her and she knows that. But if I have to lip sync, yes I am beating the [bleep] out of Miss Katya. - Queens - Here we go, we're headed back to the mainstage if everybody wants to follow me. - [Violet] Can I bring my cocktail? - [Ginger] Please don't make me lip sync 'cause I can't even stand in these shoes right now. - [Violet] Miss Thing! - [RuPaul] Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Kennedy Davenport, Katya, I'm sorry my dears but you are up for elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! ♪ dramatic music ♪ Kennedy Davenport, Shante, you stay. Katya, you may doubt yourself sometimes, but I have no doubt that you are a star. And a hammer, and a sickle. Now, sashay away. - I don't know all the words to express how insanely [bleep] grateful I am for this incredible experience. (applause) (laughing) That, is an exit. - [RuPaul] Remember, if you can't love yourself, how the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? - [All] Amen! - [RuPaul] Now let the music play! - My biggest regret is, you know, not being able to connect with the judges as well as I'd been able to connect with the girls. I am the most proud of the fact that I didn't drink or find a crack dealer, and believe me, I can sniff 'em out. And the fact that I didn't totally go insane. Totally. If there was any way to go out, it was to Kennedy [bleep] tearing up that stage. She tore it up, she pissed all over it, she set it on fire, she replastered it, and then she tore it up again. Where is everybody? Oh, that's right, I got eliminated. My dearest sister, words cannot express how I feel about you. You are such a sweet spirit, funny, spontaneous, and a gem. Embrace who you are. Her writing is so terrible. You are one of a kind. I love you, I really do. Thank you for lending me your black dress. I pray that everything works well with you from here on out. I love you again, now and forever always, Kennedy. (sniffs) Oh my god. (sighs) I love her so much. And the girls here. I didn't expect, I mean I expected... I don't know what I expected. I didn't expect to make such incredible connections. I love these whores. Next stop, Gatorland! Get ready, Tallahassee, I'm coming for ya! (cries crazily) It's me, hello, hello? - [Radio] Katya, thank you for coming here. - (Russian accent) Oh, the pleasure is all mine, seriously. I have ecstatic juice flowing out of my [bleep]. It's like a thick gelatinous, it's like a jelly. (speaks Russian) Great ass.- - I'm disappointed. Being back, I need to be like above and beyond flawless and I'm questioning, was I pushing myself as hard as I could've? Because I know I deserve to stay. - Unfortunately, what I consider ugly is not reading for the panel of judges. So tonight, I could be in the bottom. (claps) - All right Josh, let's count 'em in, please. - This is gonna drive a [bleep] bitch to drink. - That was a nice funeral. Bitches quiet. (chuckles) - I'll sit next to you, even though I'm mad at you. - There was this part of Pearl that's like too cool for season seven and that frustrates me because I'm fighting to stay, and she knows what I'm talking about. - I don't know what she's talking about. I don't think I'm too cool for season seven at all. I'm actually really surprised to hear that from her. - You are talented, you have been succeeding here, but those things that you say, the conversations that we've had, I would never say while in this competition. - Like what? - I've seen her have a whole range of non positive qualities that I don't think are ideal in a competition like this. You were saying like, that's not my thing, I'm never gonna be like that kind of girl, and I'm like we're all [bleep] fighting to be-- - Oh my god, that was like one horrible day that I had that I wanted to go home. - I don't know. - I know you don't know, because I've never given any indication besides when I had a really horrible week and got right over it. - Fame's reasoning for Pearl being the one that needed to go home was valid weeks ago. But, she broke down that wall, she came out of her shell, and she has fought to be here ever since. So the only thing I wanna do at this point is turn to Fame and say shut the [bleep] up. - I can like understand what Fame is talking about because I'm like damn, does she really wanna be here? But, after getting to know Pearl and know that you know, bitch, that's just how Pearl is, I mean, that does not mean that you care any more or any less. - Right, I just have a very laid back vibe. - To be honest, I freak out about everything in this competition and I wish I was a little more [bleep] chill. You know what I mean, you could stare down the barrel of the gun and lip sync and not fall apart and like I wish I was more like that. - Well, you know, it's weird because outside of Drag Race, people really admire and respect my attitude and they reflect off of it and I feel like I help people relax and be chill, but up in here, it's like, oh, you're not stressed out? What does that mean? You don't want to be here? - That's not even what it's about. - Just 'cause I'm not like that girl doesn't mean that I'm too cool to be here. - All right, well then I misunderstood you and I'm sorry. - Well, don't tell me that, tell them that. - It's too late, it's been said. - I know. - Don't worry about it. - 'Cause you'll be fine. - Miss Fame totally threw me under the bus on the stage and I never expected that. I thought she was my friend. I could be totally [bleep] because of that. - It's unfortunate we have to [bleep] throw names out like that, but it had to happen, and mine was the one that was called up the most, so I'm going to survive. RuPaul asked who deserves to go home at this point, and most of these bitches said me. It's not like I don't get it. I'm pretty and people hate me. (laughing) You know, it's like, okay, but... - But it sucks! - I just feel like I pep talk a lot and I'm worried about other peoples' needs. I'm like go girl, go, and I should be telling myself that instead of worrying about other people. - Absolutely, it's a game girl. I mean, it's a competition. And as much as I love all of ya, like at the end of the day, I gotta look out for myself. - That's just like how I've always been. It's hard to detach that. I hate that I'm [bleep] emotional. I'm so irritated about that. - Don't hate that you're emotional. You can be emotional. Oh Jesus, please. Get it together, Mary. - It's hard. - It's really hard. - It just sucks when you're comparing, like, you're great, somebody else is amazing. Makes you feel like you're [bleep], you know? - Yeah, it sucks. It's a horrible feeling, but girl, it's a competition and despite what people think, I definitely want to win. - I didn't super understand what you said. - You know, Trixie got to come back in this competition. She should be looked at with a magnifying lens. So, I just feel like it should be Trixie. - Was it because I got eliminated? - It's just like, you were really quick to pick Ginger, knowing that Ginger is really, really strong in this kind of thing that it may have been a smarter idea for you to pick someone who's not as strong so you can shine more. - If I do an amazing job, if Ginger does a more amazing job, I shouldn't be punished just 'cause my scene partner. She was amazing, but I still did amazing. - But like, being that you're back, you should be under a huge magnifying glass. - But, do I deserve to go home? Violet needs to just worry about performing, and not worry about me. I deserve to be here. Should I be under scrutiny, yes. But going home means I did something and they liked my runway look and my performance, so I was confused that you said me. - I mean, I didn't want to say anybody but if I had to really think about it, I mean this is not something that I focus on regularly and it's like I feel like I'm uncomfortable. I'm literally uncomfortable. (laughs) (sighs heavily) - [Violet] You bitch, [bleep] you! - I actually liked Violet's. - Your thing is truly disgusting. - Well it took me like a million. I'd be like, how can I make this uglier? - You look like a [bleep] drunk lesbian at a gay pride parade. (laughing) - How about Pearl looks like me this week and the first thing Michelle says is bitch, the makeup. I started laughing because you look, yeah. - I think the most hideous thing about you tonight is your makeup. (laughs) - I was going for Trixie's normal mug tonight. - I can tell you your makeup is horrendous. (laughs) - Who do you guys think it is, be real. - In the bottom? - Yeah. - It's either me or-- - I want to say it's Fame and Pearl. - It's somebody in our group. - It's probably going to be me, because we've been friends-- - 'Cause you like to send friends home. (laughs) - That's right. Bye-bye. - Who do you guys think won? I think Ginger won, I'm gonna be real. - Yeah. - If I did win, and I don't know, girl, 'cause it can always go any way, it would be incredible because John Waters kind of like formed my life when I was growing up. - The thing about John Waters movies is it's these actors who like super super commit to these ridiculous situations. - Well the thing is, it's not actors mostly. I mean, these are like legit people with quirks. - Yeah, delinquents. - And to be asked to play these roles that you already know, but play them in your own way, but also pay homage to the original way it's done. It's hard. - Katya. - Yeah? - [Kenedy] You look like Chaka Khan, bitch. - No girl, she's giving me Cowardly Lion with an identity crisis. (laughs) Do it! (cries like Cowardly Lion) (laughing) - And she's been clean and sober for a year and a half. - This is the face of sobriety! - Oooh! (laughing) - Bitch she have her-- - I said to her, I said you may be sober but I can tell by this outfit that you still hate yourself. (laughing) - What'd she call you? - Ratchet Raggedy Ann. That's what I felt like. I felt like Raggedy Ann at the foothills of the Appalachians. - Watch that bitch win this whole thing. Watch her win. - I'm coming from the back porch. - Aren't you always coming from behind? - But you know what, I wouldn't be mad 'cause that bitch has entertained me - I wouldn't be mad, are you [bleep] kidding me? - When you were like, did you expect me to still be here? And I was like... - She was like, crickets. I was like, okay. - Honestly, because if I'm enthusiastic about someone's drag, it's usually a bad sign. - A bad sign. - Yep. Everything I thought this competition was gonna be, it hasn't been. And everything I thought I was gonna feel about it, I haven't felt. It's just been everything has been different, I don't know. - I find it amusing that when I got back I said how's everything been going? And you said, when I think I'm lip syncing, I get rewarded. - Yeah. I don't know, RuPaul said I'm addicted to anxiety. - Not so sober after all. - I don't know, I've never heard that before and it was actually pretty illuminating. - How'd you learn how to pronounce illuminating? (laughs) - Let's go smoke. - Can we? - You got a lighter? Oh, I got one in my bra. (burps) - Wait, before you say anything, I know that over the past few weeks you've been a little insecure about how good I look, so I just want to like clear the air. - You do look pretty stunning, I was stunned. That's the best way to put it. - Yeah, I can see it on your face. I know you think you're a good actress, but you can't hide it. - Seeing you walk around the corner was literally like a tase to the face. (laughs) Which is cheaper than Botox, I'd like you to know. - Perfect. - It'll come in handy for you. - No, for real. - Okay, like for real, real? I [bleep] knew that they were gonna buy that [bleep] that Violet wrapped around herself and called the ugliest dress in the world. - I mean, it's ugly. - It's not, girl. - It's not ugly, it's not ugly, ugly. It's just like... - It's ugly because she literally took everything off the wall and threw it on herself. - Yeah. - And she'd look around and say, oh that person's doing pom pom balls. I'm gonna do pom pom balls. That person's doing rhinestones and sequins, I'm gonna do rhinestones and sequins. I mean, good for her, whatever. I'm just sick of them buying every [bleep] thing that she does. - Do you think she's gonna have to lip sync? - No. - You don't think so? - I really don't. I don't think she will. - Guess who? I'm back. - I see you. - How did they not think Kennedy's dress - Well it's not the ugliest dress ever. In the right context, that dress would work. - Oh, bitch! - It's true, and I feel like I'm the only one in no context, in no time period would my dress ever be acceptable to wear anywhere. Miss Mema wearing that to Easter Sunday would be-- - No ma'am. - I could see a granny wearing that. - No ma'am, not in my house. Trust and believe. She may have got it in her closet, that don't mean she gonna put it on, 'cause I'll snatch it off. (laughs) I'll let her know. No ma'am, granny, uh-uh. - Can we all agree that if Fame doesn't lip sync tonight - We kill her? - we need to protest? We'll kill her. - There's no way the bitch isn't lip syncing tonight. - 'Cause I feel like she's gone as far as she can go. Every single week they tell her to do something different. - Yeah. I mean I get it, she's not a performer, so these, all these-- - Everyone stop talking. - [Ginger] Serving you some Mrs. Doubtfire realness. - Are you mad at her, or is she mad at you, or what's going on? - I think it was just a cheap shot, you know? - You know, and here's the thing. I gotta tell you something. Your temperament is something that I've coveted for the past 15 years. You're just not, you don't appear to be a very high strung person. - I'm not. - And that's the biggest asset in this competition! - I thought so. - [Ginger] There's no biggest asset in this competition. - Well my natural beauty has been a big asset, huge. - You've just been a big asshole. (laughs) - I think Ginger's gonna win. - Probably so. (laughs) - Fishy, girl. - I know. (grunts) - Have you won besides the first week? - Mm-mm. - And Kennedy won twice, right? - Mm-hmm. - You won the, the, the parody one? - Uh-huh. - And you won the Snatch Game. - Uh-huh. - Can y'all get back in here? - Okay, 'cause bitch I'm about to go to sleep. - This bitch is about to have me pass out. Get in here, and wake us up! - I'm telling you now, I'm about to go in. - Girl, you are killing me over here, Ms. Kennedy. (snores) (laughing) - Where is everyone? - She looks like a duck that's about to lay an egg. No nails, no jewelry. - None. - None! Who are you sexting? - This [bleep] wears the tightest pants with that biggest bulge, and likes to stand there on his phone, taunting us in every single way possible. Mm-hmm. - You know you want this crocheted pussy. (laughing) Look at all this texture, you know what that means? I don't either. - It means she's super absorbent. Girl, I would love to just dip the tip of it right into this puddle and watch it all go (slurping). - It's a bob. (laughing) It turns into a sleek bob. - I can't believe it. You sat there and drank that entire beverage and did not offer that wig one sip. It is so thirsty. How long before we go and do this? I'm always nervous about this [bleep]. - I know. - Even if I feel like, bitch, there's no way I can't at least be safe. You never know. So just come on, do it, pull that trigger. - That's getting old, girl. You've been doing real good. - Hey, 'til last week. - It's gonna happen at least once. - There's been a small handful of girls that made it all the way to top three without ever being in the bottom. - Alaska never lip synced, did she? - No, I don't think so. - Sharon. All right, let's go back in. - I'm gonna go pee pee before I lip sync one last time. - I have to go pee. - I have to pee too, but it's too far. - Come with me. - Kennedy, it's all you girl. You can handle Untucked, right? - [bleep] that. Oh I am all by myself. Ain't this some [bleep]? Y'all need to come back over here! - Girl, what the hell are you doing? - Girl, you know you left me with boring people? (laughs) - Lavender and broke down Barbie. - Yes. - Oh my god, girls, somebody's gonna go home today. That means we're gonna be down to six. (laughing) - Whoa, Ginger, you can count? - No, we should be down to a [bleep] five, but they brought you back. - This [bleep] troll! - But I'm glad you came back. I'm glad you came back. - I [bleep] am too, and you know what actually warmed my heart when I came back? You all said, I [bleep] hate that someone's here, but I'm glad it's you. - Yeah, it's true. - That means a lot. - Well I'm a really good liar, so. - Then why aren't you a better actor? That's all acting is. - It's true. - Why are you so obsessed with me? - I can't help it, Trixie. You're like my frenemy. - I told you about your mouth. I'm not [bleep] around anymore. - [Crew Member] Five minute warning to head back to the main stage. - Thank you, five. - [Crew Member] Do your touchups and get ready. Thank you very much. - I forgot my powder. Can I use someone's translucent powder? - You can use mine, it's in my bag. - Okay. I'm a little bit nervous right now. This might be the first time the judges will see me lip sync on the main stage. - I know I'm going up to lip sync. I'm gonna hunt that [bleep] down. Part of me is anxious and a part of me feels I'm ready. - Okay, queens, everyone, we're ready for you on set if everybody wants to follow me this way please. - Yes! - Thank god. - Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Pearl, Miss Fame, I'm sorry my dears, but you are both up for elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. (dramatic music) Pearl, Shante, you stay. Miss Fame, your 15 minutes with us may be up, but your legend will live forever. Now, sashay away. (applause) - The cosmic queen departs. - - Right in the titty. - My silicone. - So, everyone is back. All of them bitches that have been eliminated. And the winner gets back into the competition. - Ooh, girl. - [Pearl] I cried after I sent Trixie home on the runway. - Thank you for getting me in the pageant. - [Pearl] So, like, if someone's gonna stay I want it to be my girl Trixie. - It feels great to be back, but I'm just sad that Jaidynn might be going home because of me. - How you doin? Boo, how you feeling? - Who, me? I gotta call [bleep]. Girl, it's been nice knowing ya. I'm going home tonight. I love Sasha Belle, but now I might be going home because of her. - Are we good? (claps) - I'm about to punch somebody in the face. - And they rearranged the furniture and I don't know where to go. - Let me get my drink. - Get me the [bleep] out of this [bleep] dress right now. - Love you girl, but get the [bleep] away from me. Oh my god. Get away from me. (groans) - My back hurts, my feet hurt, I'm tired as hell but Kasha and I are feeling pretty confident. Kasha is the one that should be here. Oh my god! Kasha, can you come and press on my leg? - Oh god. - Yes! - Yes, [bleep]! Oh my god. (moaning) - Harder, harder. (groans, babbles) Oh, Pierce Brosnan. (moans) (laughing) Oh, Catherine Zeta-Jones! All right, oh god, all right all right. - Well I would like to tell everybody goodbye. - Shut up. - It's been fun, I'll see you all at the reunion. - Every time I come out there they say I'm in a pageant, so I mean I'm like, well bitch. -I know you're both pageant girls - Which is why this is kind of predictable for me. - I honestly feel like through the challenges plus my runway I've shown more than just me being a [bleep] pageant queen. I honestly, because all the challenges that I have won, they were comedy challenges. You get what I'm saying? So when I get on the runway, all I get is, oh you're very pageanty, you're very clean. Well girl, what you want me to do? What is it that you want me to do? I mean, if I'm not a comedy queen I'm not gonna present myself on the runway as a comedy queen. You know what I'm saying? But my challenges and all of that, I act up and act a fool because that's what it requires for me to do. - But it's also not a comedy show all day every day. There's some, it's like okay, so I come here being me, Miss Fame, and then I have to be a comedy clown from start to finish? - Y'all want everybody to be funny? Everybody to be humor, come on now, there's different sides of female impersonation. - But remember sweetie, that opinions are like assholes, right? Everybody's got one. - But we only have one. - You been here all the [bleep] season, you get tired of it. And I am sick and tired of it. Tempest was the first one to leave. So, why you talking? - Well, cheers to the sorority of season seven. - Cheers, bitches! (clinking, chattering) - When they said someone was coming back, who did you guys think it was gonna be? - You. - I said you. - We all pretty much said it was you or Kasha. - Not the black girl, what's the deal? - Jasmine lives ten minutes down the street, girl. It would've cost no money to bring her back. - Down the road, girl. - I don't want to see Jasmine Masters back, period. Sorry, the way she went out was so like she didn't want to be here, so let her not be here, period. - I dont like that you're all packed up - I better be - I dont think so - The way I feel honey Ru could have came here that day and said Girl just take you [bleep] and go home (laughs) She could have said "Bitch this gone be the first time in history we ask The girl not to lip-sync for her life" "Just pack yo [bleep] bitch and go home." -No And I sould have said "No problem ma'am" I didnt give a damn how any of ya'll feel, I was coming back (laughing) I don't give a damn what you all think, bitch. Get back in the race and let the best man wins. I don't give a damn. No tea, no shade, no pink lemonade. [bleep] these bitches. - I didn't want to see a damn one of you walk through the [bleep] door. - I would say that I'm like Ginger did not look happy. - It was pretty obvious on your face. - Oh my god! - Tempest DuJour. - Hi, Ru. - I've gone through every single week and I've always been in the top. I have never been in the bottom. It does not feel good to be here for those of you who have been here, I understand. But if I've gotta give up my [bleep] place for a bitch that went home already, like, in my head that keeps playing over and over. - But you gave it up yesterday. You gave up your place yesterday when we walked in. Of course you were mad at first, but then you were like, [bleep] it. - I was not as pissed as I looked. That was a lot to do with the makeup. - We all were pissed. - It was all day, girl, I couldn't get a hello out of you. You checked out the minute we walked in the door. You were like. I'm just saying. - I'm still pissed about that. Just, girl, it puts me through it. It puts me through it. - It's clear that we did not want nobody else coming. - We were gonna strike. - Can we just say that, like, we'll all band together and go on strike. - Yes, baby. - We shall not, we shall not do drag. (laughing) We all agreed to strike! - If anyone came back, and we all [bleep] copped out on that, so you're welcome. - But then seven of you walked in and we were like, well [bleep], they're just gonna replace us altogether. - But you know what's really nice is other seasons had to wait until the reunion and-- - To have this moment. - To have this moment, so we've been lucky enough to have this, and it really is nice. Obviously-- - But we're having it in a competition. And I'm like, [bleep] this, I'm frustrated. This isn't RuPaul's best friends race. This is a competition, and these bitches just have to go. - Already knows that they're not staying. - Yeah, I'm going. - So why would they even put forth an effort? - I've been watching you from across the room and you've had it. - Well, 'cause I don't want to go kiki over there. I'm like, it's like, it's their show and I'm like, bitch, there's as many other people in here that are fighting to have a [bleep] show. All of you bitches shut the [bleep] up. You've told me, bitch. - I love you. - I'm [bleep] quiet. What have I said today? What have I said? I worked, I worked, and I worked for two days straight. I didn't have, you know what I mean? And I hope and pray that that bitch does not stay here. - Jasmine? - I can't, she is like on another level. Bitch, absolutely not. Part of me is like yeah, bring this bitch back 'cause she'll be going next week, so I don't [bleep] care regardless of what happened today, this week, whatever. I'm going to win. - I can't wait for all these [bleep] bitches to go home. Like you guys, of course I want you to stay, but [bleep] man. - Gives me a [bleep] stomachache. It gives me a stomachache. It's like... - It's [bleep], really? That's why I'm sitting back here drinking my drink, hanging out with my friends. - Kennedy, I want to know what, did you have a strategy in who you paired us with? - I did. - I mean, based on what? Who you liked and didn't like? - No. - Who you thought was-- - That didn't have nothing to do with it. - No, I'm just curious. When it came down to the pairings and Kenedy's Decisions who to pair with whom, I knew she was pairing people she liked with people they liked which obviously didn't work out so good for me. - When I paired Ginger and Sasha together, they had kind of like the same facial structure. And I knew that she could paint her and make them look alike and I was under the impression that Sasha's was a better sewer than I thought she was. - Me too, bitch. - And then who else did I, who was next? - You did me and Pearl, which I couldn't-- - When I did Pearl, when I did Pearl and... - Tracy. - Trixie, when I did them two I just felt like Pearl could give Trixie a different look. I felt like Fame could paint her to look like her. - And take away that goddamn beard! - You are now part of the Miss Fame brand. - [Kennedy] And then who was next? - It was Katya and Kasha. - And I felt the same way. I felt like you could make it happen with Kasha. - We made it happen, baby. - So you didn't have any shave, really-- - Wait, wait, we're not done with the list, yet. So then it was Max. - And then it was Max, I mean, I did that because of height purposes and, you know. - You were super nice to me about that. - That could just make that, regardless of how I feel about you, I'm still gonna be fair. - What I realize about her is that you're super real and honest no matter what, and I really respect that. You really are like, there's no shade in what we do. - Yeah. - Like, there's no tea, no shade. You're trying to be fair and be like real about it. - When it came down to just Tempest being there, Jaidynn was the last person, but I believed in Jaidynn that she could paint her like her and both of them know how to sew. So regardless of the height or whatever the case may be, I felt like y'all could have worked it out. I just want to be right, and be right by everybody. If I win the competition, I want to win being fair to everybody. I know it's a competition. A girl might be a little something something here and there, but at the same time, everybody I paired up with did better than me and my bitch, so I'm like, getting up there like, [bleep]. Hell, we might end up in the bottom! (laughs) - Who do we think's lip syncing? Whoever it is, good luck to you, it [bleep] sucks. - Why do you not feel confident? What's like, what's the tea, like how are you feeling? - Well I feel like everybody got an equal amount of good and bad and we just happened to get a pinch more bad than good. - Same here. I was on the bottom twice the past two challenges and I'm telling you, girl, it has been a fight of my life and it's just, it's so stressful. Based on the judges critiques, as soon as I heard the word basic, I was like, ooh, yep, I'm in the bottom two. And the only thing I can think about is how am I gonna turn this out with Miss Tempest strapped to my back? I just, hashtag confused. (laughs) If I am in the bottom or if we are in the bottom, the only thing we can do is turn it out the best we can and hope and pray that I get to stay. But if not, then girl, I'll see you on the town. (laughing) - I've sort of had enough experience being on the bottom. - Yeah, girl, honey. - I had to go home to Pearl and like coming back and seeing she was still competing was like, thank god, it would suck to go home and then she would go home next. You know what I mean? - Little do you know... - Yeah, she went through it while you were gone. - Okay, if I had to go at least she's working it and like, you know what I mean? - Well you helped her when you were gone to like stay strong. 'Cause she was like, bitch, I don't want to disappoint Trixie. That happened! - You always will. (laughing) Like I said to Katya, I'll never overestimate you again. (gasps) - This bitch is so [bleep] sickening! Everything that she's done here has been beyond. Like, I'm like, I need a piece of that [bleep] because she goes, you could never read what's going on in this bitch ever. - Me, oh. - What you're dealing with inside and when she's [bleep] on, it's like magic. - Beauty and fashion! - And then every single week. - It's magic! - Every single week. - Come through, come through! - Funny and [bleep] prepared, just works it out. - Every single [bleep] week. - These characterizations and not being afraid to get [bleep] old, girl. (laughs) - I'm already old! - Who feels like they could be safe? - I think, I mean I know that Pearl's safe. I hope that I get to stay, but you're safe. - Well I mean, they didn't have one negative thing to say about us. So, I mean Michelle said that she outshined me or whatever-- - Michelle has to say something negative, bitch. If Michelle doesn't say something negative - But besides that, I mean... - She might explode, bitch. (chattering) - Eh, Gloria. - Come on. - Are you okay? - Come on. - Oh, there we go. Now we're back. (laughs) - We sold that house today. - I feel good about it. - Let's have a toast. - They loved you guys. - Yeah, I'm so happy. - I mean, it's amazing. Mazel, and congratulations, and you earned it. You [bleep] earned it, every minute of it. - Well we looked the most beautiful, so its not surprising - But you know what, you committed to it 100 percent and it's amazing and it was characters and everything they said, ditto. - Well when I left, that was what I was told to like, amp those things up. - Yeah, and we did and we's doing... You know, the thing is I was like-- - You're so coming back, I'm so happy for you. - You never know. - Well, but I'm just glad it's someone I like. (laughs) I mean I like everyone, but I like you more than most. I absolutely would love the opportunity to stay. I have auditioned for this freaking show for seven years and you know, I'm not afraid of competition. Life is competition. - I'm don't think I'm gonna make it after tonight. - Well girl, you still pulled through. - I mean... - It was a lot of good stuff. - You did it right. - It was a lot of good stuff. - I think they're ready for me to... - The reason why I put you with her, you did exactly what I thought you was going to do and that's take over the challenge, do you, and put it on her. - Right. - You get what I'm saying? You did just that. You always have a plan, baby, always. - Ladies, this is a real five minute warning. Five minutes to head back to main stage. - Is this different than the fake five minute warning? - I have blisters all over my back. - Ooh, girl. - Can somebody without crazy nails help me pull this [bleep] up, please? - As you lock eyes with me in my mirrors. - From the, like, yeah. - From the depths? - I see the writing on the wall for tonight. I am not looking forward to having to lip sync in this creation that we have come up with. - It's up, I don't know if it's, it's backless, right? - Yeah, thank you. I might be going home and I'm not ready to do that. So I might as well try to turn it out to the best of my ability. - Can I get a Whopper with cheese? (burps) - Oh, can someone get my sandals in front of the couch? - I'll walk backwards, I'll walk... (laughs) I'm not even gluing this [bleep] back, though. 'Sup? Howdy, Tarzan. Oh, I'll go around again. (chuckling) - Girl, this gonna be a lip sync for the ages. - Do you think you could hold my weight if I jumped into your arms? - Like at the end? - Like, towards-- - I could pick you up. - The last part, I would run. - Just give me a good look. - I'll just wrap around you. - Like a bear? - Yeah, and then you spin around a little bit. - Just blame it all on me, girl, if you go home. I'll take the blame. - You're a good friend. I'm feeling in a good place though, like mentally. So like, if it happens, I'm just gonna go have fun. - I just feel awful. Ginger's never been in the bottom. And maybe tonight, she might be in the bottom for the first time 'cause she's paired with Sasha. Oh god. You go first. I don't want to be the reason that Ginger goes home. - Hi, we're back. - Please don't stab me. - I'm not, just tell me when you can feel it. - I hate you! Don't stab me, well let me know when you feel the pinhead. Okay, well it sounds like you're gonna stab me. - You do it with a T pin? - Yes, get out of here. - I thought this was a professional show. - Oh god, I wanna stay. I wanna unpack my bags and do the next challenge. I want to do everything that's coming up next. I deserve to be here. - Look at your freckles, they look like age spots. - Thank you. - Mom left us out in the sun a lot when we were kids. - She put sunblock on you. She was like, [bleep] this mole. - It's tough being in the bottom for the third week in a row. I'm defeated right now. I'm just overall it sucks. (chattering) - Okay ladies, here we go. We're headed to the main stage. (chattering) - Hold on, let me get my shoes, bitch. - Just grab 'em you [bleep] bitch. - I'm trying! I'm gonna kick your ass. - I wish you were a dead [bleep] corpse and a [bleep] bitch. - Well, you never know. That could be me very soon. - Welcome back, ladies. Pearl, condragulations, you are the winner of this week's challenge. Trixie Mattel, that means you're back in the race, girl. Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Ginger Minj, you are up for elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! Ginger Minj, Shantay, you stay. Jaidynn Diore, sashay away. - Thank you so much. I'm just so happy that I got to have this experience. Thank you. (applause) (kissing noises) - Work that puss! (laughing) - - [RuPaul] Violet Chachki. Pearl. You are both safe. You may leave the stage. (laughing) - [Violet] I'm just like, whoa, I can't believe I'm saved. You know, for the first time. Then I look back, and I just see Pearl's leg give out. (laughter) Like... It was painful to watch, but she recovered really nicely. - Without killing the other contestants. (laughter) - Bust my ass. I'm such an idiot. I think I've lived through the most embarrassing moments being on this (chuckles) show. (Violet laughing) [bleep]. But I made it through Snatch Game. That's a big deal. Bitch, thank God. - Is it good? (clap) (chuckling) - I need help walking. - [Violet] Right this way, baby. - My angel. - We're gonna pick up our drinks now. - Okay. - Can you handle that? - You know, I just can't. - That was mine, you bitch. - What's the [bleep] difference? Cheers to safety. - I requested more booze. - Ugh, God, I can't just be pretty, I gotta eat [bleep] on the runway before I walk away. - There's no possible - way for you to be pretty on this show. - God. - It just isn't in the cards, boo. - No, it's not. - Just give up now. (groans) Oh my [bleep]... I'm, like, dripping everywhere. - That's disgust... That's probably what I slipped on. - No, that's not what happened, bitch. I wasn't even over there. - You know I slipped on your lubey ass. Leaving snail trail all over the goddamn runway. Goddamn it. - Pshh. (Pearl yelling) (Violet laughing) - What the [bleep]? - God, I'm so glad I'm saved, bitch. - I know. - Have you ever been saved before? - Yeah. - This is the first time I've ever been saved, bitch. - I was really only not safe those couple weeks that I-- - Were tired? - Didn't do so well. That I was tired, yeah. Now, what the hell am I supposed to do with you for the next hour while we deliberate? - Let's have a kaikai. - Okay. (chuckles) - How good does it feel to get through Snatch Game? - Right? I know. - It's so weird sitting, like, sitting up there, - Mm-hmm. and just thinking it, and seeing all the crew and everything. - It's like seeing a celebrity. You know what I mean? It's like, it's not a person, but it's a very famous thing. - It's like a trip, I'm telling you. - The whole experience is like a big [bleep] LSD trip, for sure. - It really is, though. - So, who do you think is in the bottom? - I'm sorry, but if Jaidynn's not in the bottom, I'm gonna be upset, 'cause I'm not buying her "That's So Raven." - I just saw it. - [RuPaul] What is it? - She blows him. - What was she wearing tonight? I can't remember. Oh! - Big hair. - No, ma'am. No, ma'am. Like, what is she thinking? Love her, I'm sure she made it and hot-glued it together, but I just don't see Leather & Lace. - Well, you're not even [bleep] wearing leather. - Oh, as if, bitch. (Pearl laughing) You just throw some pleath-- Your pink [bleep] was from, like, H&M. - [Pearl] That is genuine vintage leather. - That is [bleep] Forever 20-Balls, and you know it. - Oh my God, I'm gonna kick your ass. That was very expensive. - "I paid a lot of money for this." - Who the [bleep] else... Max was freaking out. Max thought that he did such a horrible job. - I don't think Max did a horrible job, I just think Max has the background where they expect more from him or her. - Drag superstar from The Haus of Haunt, Sharon Needles! (laughs) - Have you been to any good seances lately? - I just got back from one. (laughs) (light applause) - I think the nerves had the best of him, because Max has set the bar for his acting really high. - Right. See, you gotta do it like me, you gotta start out real [bleep] so you got - [Violet] Right? - [Pearl] a momentum - [Violet] I'm like damn, - [Pearl] to work up to. - [Violet] maybe I shouldn't - [Violet] have been so pretty. "I did all my ugly looks first, "so now I could be really pretty and fall." (laughing) - And the only other one that really got the most crickets was Fame. - Yeah, I mean, our Donatellas would've been a little bit different. I wouldn't have worn a dress under a corset - A. I wouldn't have sounded Russian. - Donatella Versace, (indistinct) Ru, how are you? - I'm doing great. Now, is it pronounced "Ver-sayce" or "Ver-sah-chee?" - It depends on where you come from. I don't mind. (Miss Fame laughing) - It's just crazy 'cause I've been working on Donatella for like eight months, and then to see-- - Oh, really? - Yeah, that's what I auditioned with. - Oh, yeah. - It's me, Donatella. Donatella Versace. So to see somebody else do it right in front of me, and me to be up there as a different character and try to be like... - You're like, "You're not doing it right." - Yeah, I'm trying to clock her as Alyssa Edwards. It was just really weird, you know. - I think Ginger's got this in the bag, though. She was dunking doughnuts or Twinkies in wine, which is hilarious and disgusting. - That's commitment, girl. - I think it's between Ginger and Little Richie. - I don't think so. -Me and Batman and Robin have a lot in common baby. -I said a bathouse in a dark room with glory holes. (laughter) There be a lot of singing going on up in there hunny -Woo! - RuPaul was laughing at Little Richie more than anything. - [Violet] She was [bleep] dying. Yeah, but it was the female... It was supposed to be a female... - Uh-huh. - [bleep] celebrity. Like, that is such a cop out. Just because he wears makeup. - What are you talking about? There was no one else Kennedy could've played, girl. Come on. (Violet laughing) There was no one else. - She didn't even look like him. I mean, whatever. Think about all the girls that have gone already. - Mm-hmm. - Damn. - Bitch, after this episode, we have four more episodes to go? - In total? - Four or five, yeah. - Unless they totally [bleep] with us, and they're like, "Oh, you thought it was top three? "Actually..." - Yeah. - "La-la-la..." - "Let's bring back Sasha." (spit-take) - Oh my God. (Pearl laughing) - Can you not spit on me, please? - You [bleep] bitch. - Could you imagine if they brought someone back? Don't even say it. Shh. - Don't put that in the air, bitch. Who would you want to come back if they did bring somebody back? - Trixie. - Yeah, me, too. - Yeah. - Even though she hates me. - It's all about you. It's all about Violet. (laughing) Oh my God. - Can you see my taint? - Is that a serious question? Absolutely. That gap is like real, though. Oof! Where is your [bleep]? (laughs) It's so confusing. - [indistinct] in your pussy. - You definitely have the most committed looks, girl. Like, I'm barely tucked, and you're always in pain, (Violet laughing) biting on something, corseted to hell, something. - I mean, this is what I do at my shows, and trust, when I get backstage, I'm like, "Get this [bleep] off of me now!" (laughing) - [Rupaul] Well, thank you, ladies. I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. You may leave the stage. - [Woman] Bye. - Okay, I'm not even, like, buzzed, and the girls haven't gotten here. - Well, you gotta pace yourself a little bit. - This is celebratory. - Mmm. Mm-hmm. - Let me have some of yours. - Mm-mm. [indistinct chatter] - Uh-oh, I hear trolls coming in. - Beep, beep! - [Pearl] I hear hooves. Come and have a seat, sweeties. - Alright, what the hell have you guys been doing in here? Scissoring the whole time? - We have literally not been able to shut up. - So, how'd it go? - So, what happened? Tell us everything. - Um, well, they started with me. - [Pearl] Alright, Elvis. Tell us. - [Violet] Sing it, Presley. - [Ginger] It's Elvis Prissly. Prissly. No, they loved what I did with Adele. Tamar said I could play her in a movie and get away with it. She said I looked like her, I stayed in character, I was funny. They feel like this is the first time that I've come out of my shell as far as runway. So they were very complimentary. - Yeah, totally. This is my favorite look that you've done. - It's so outside of the box for me. This is nothing that I would typically do. - It's awesome. - [Ginger] I'm pleased with it. I mean, I feel like Humpty Dumpty. - You don't feel, like, cool and different and... I don't know. - No, bitch. - No? - It's leather. I'm burning up. Ain't nothing cool about it. - [Violet] Is it real leather? - Pleather. I'm for the animals. - [Pearl] You know what I mean, though. You don't-- - [Ginger] No, I feel good, it's just very different for me. - I love it. - Well, thank you. I appreciate it. - I didn't think I would be, but I am into it. - Ooh, Miss Violet, I'm so happy we have such a great support system in place. Please, shut up. I took a big risk-- - [Violet] What? It's different, it's something different. - I took a big risk doing white, especially, being the fat girl. I mean, Ross made the comment about, "You know, your talent is always there, "and you always do so well in the challenges, "but the one thing that holds you back "competing with the other girls is your size." - [Pearl] (gasp) He said that? - [Katya] No, he did not say that. He said "my runway." - [Ginger] "My runway," but he was referring to my size. - Oh my God, I was like damn, these judges-- - I don't think he was referring to your size. - Well, I do, because when I was doing my runway walk, he referred to me as "the other white leather." - [Pearl] Oh, no. (Katya cackling) - Sorry. (laughing) - The other white meat is pork, pig. - You dumb whore. - Girl, honey, us as big girls, honey, we are sickening, and you look sickening, and I live for those stones. Skinny girls, they got it so easy sometimes. They can just throw on a corset, and the judges would live. Us big girls, we can't do that. That's the only thing that sucks about being a big girl. - Who was next? Fame was next. - I want out of everything; I'm hurting. I'm not a corseter like you, so I'm hurting. They were like, "You're beautiful, gaga..." You know how I do it. (laughter) You know I can't [bleep] undo this [bleep] with the nails. So anyway, yeah, "You look gorgeous." Michelle was like, "Amazing. "There was just so much you could do with that character. "I felt like you could've really bumped it up." And then Ross was like, "You were giving me like 20%." I understand that. I was anxious, of course. Snatch Game is serious. I wasn't feeling like it was my prime moment. It is what it is. I think I'm just gonna prepare. I don't know the words to this song, so it could mean that I'm going home. Because I could not memory lock this song. - Don't get into that hole. - No. - Don't get into that hole. Don't dig it and get into it before things, because I got into that hole, and there's no point in doing that. - As long as you can perform well, then you got it. - And bitch, you got hair on. Pin it in and swing it. Do you want me to show you? (laughter) 'Cause, bitch, I could give you some moves. - Give me some moves, girl. - I could give you some moves to hide that mouth. - Being that she's not a lip syncer, she's not a live performer, so I'm kind of like interested to see how this shakes down. - [Ginger] Who was next, who was after you? Oh, Max was after you. - They loved Max's look, loved, loved, loved, but they just weren't in love with the Sharon. - You had the look down 100 percent. What was missing was everything else. - Natalie, can I get my iPod? Honestly I am so in shock that I am in this position and I am shaking myself for doing poorly in Snatch Game and having that moment where I couldn't breathe in my corset earlier. It's just like a bunch of nonsense. - She about fell out, girl. - Yeah, she had to have a moment. - We had to stop, so... - Who, Max? - Max. - Looks like Max is coming apart. -Yeah, I just really needed to loosen my corset -Okay -I apologize -Can we get some help for Max? - You okay? - I'm screwed. - Don't say that. What'd they say? - They just said that I was very empty. They said that I had the look down and that I didn't have any of the heart and then Michele was like the thing about Needles is that she's very smart, and you didn't deliver that, and I was like okay, that's good, so... Needles is obviously smarter than me or something. But I keep forgetting that it's less and less people, you know? Less and less options to not be in the bottom. - I know, you can't rely on everyone else doing a horrible job anymore. (laughs) - Right, I'm like shoot I really have to kick my ass into gear. I'm slowly realizing that I possibly might not win this. - Who the hell knows, like don't freak out you know, before you even have to do it. - I'm not freaked out. - Well don't, like, beat yourself up over it. - It's all sort of crashing down around me. I'm thinking like, [bleep] [bleep] [bleep] [bleep] [bleep], what am I going to do, what am I going to tell the people at home if I get booted off and et cetera, et cetera. It's just like... - Then after that was... - It was Jaidynn. - It was Jaidynn. - Yeah, it was me. - Get over here girl, tell your story. - Well, pretty much they liked that I did Raven but it wasn't, it just wasn't good enough and then they said it got old. Like my, the visions got old, which I can see. -It became real, like, okay, I know what she's gonna, she's gonna see a vision. Once it was funny, the second time it was cute, the rest of the time it died. - Yeah, they didn't live, so, which really really sucks. I've just been hoping that I'll get, you know, like something. You know, some kind of positive feedback, but. - Sister, let me tell you something. You need to be yourself because Jaidynn is funny, hilarious, humorous, spontaneous. - Lovable as hell. - That's who Jaidynn is. - So it's okay to be yourself, you hear what I'm saying? - Yeah. It kinda sucks, but... - Do what you gotta do. (laughs) You know how I think, bitch. - Yes, girl. This is a fight. I am giving them everything I have and it's not enough. If I have to lip sync, I'm gonna give it all that I have 'cause I can't go home tonight. - Do I have [bleep] in my armpits? Oh, I do. Well congratulations Miss Kennedy on a - Thank you. I mean, that really, I mean I almost started crying 'cause I mean I just didn't know. - I didn't know either! - You know, I just didn't know if they was like-- - When they called out the top or the bottom, I didn't know which one I was in! - Okay, I mean I knew I did pretty well and they was laughing and-- - Well you knew you killed the challenge. - But you know, you just don't never, you never know. They could be perpetrating. (laughs) You know, they could be-- - Perpetrating! - Ahh, and then when you get to the runway, bitch, you were awful. - Five minute warning, ladies, five minute warning for main stage. - Ready to rock. - Come over here, I got something to show ya. (gags) (laughs) (heaves) - Britney at 45, Britney at ten years ago. (laughing) This girl's like some chewed up bubblegum. (moaning) Is this for your promo video? For your late night commercial? (grunts) - Oh my god we're gonna go. - Top row! Top row, whoa! - Oh yeah, I've never felt sexier in my life. - Let me give a little, like a... - What the hell is that? I can't get down! (grunting) I'm cramping. - I can't dance, I can't actually dance - Girl, I can't even walk in time to the music without getting winded. - What sucks is that this has sequins on it and sequins are like rubbing, they're like, when I walk it like cuts. - Look at that. - Yes, girl, that is a handful! - Yeah, there. - You don't even tuck, bitch, you just wear like six pairs of pantyhose and smash that [bleep]. - Pretty much. - I know you pop your top like six times. - Whoa! - Eww. - What's the tea, girl? - It's just, it's kind of discouraging, you know? - Don't, don't be discouraged, girl. It is what it is. Bitch, you have proven yourself since day one. You made it to Snatch Game, bitch, and if you gotta lip sync, bitch, you know what to [bleep] do. Use all, use all of that. (laughs) You know what I'm saying? And use that, you know, bounce that hair and be a character. - Yeah, I just want to prove to like the judges I feel like every week it's always something else. - Well yeah, I mean, you're competing against the best of the best in this arena. So, it's gonna be something. Something they ain't gonna like. There's gonna be some type of negative comment. Girl, if you gotta loosen bitch, you gotta loosen. - Right. - Bitch, turn it, that's what it's all about at the end of the day. - Thank you, Kennedy. - You get what I'm saying? I've been in this game a long time and the struggle is real. I mean, you could win one week and then the next week you in the bottom, so you can't give up and go home. You know, you gotta keep giving, keep pushing. - Well, I might be going home today, everyone. - No you're not. - Oh, shut the [bleep] up. - So if I do, I had a really good time. - Serve it out, serve it, girl. You're talented, you can do that. You can do this, bitch. You've done so much harder things. You can lip sync. - Right, and that's why I'm so irked that it was freaking Snatch Game that got me because... - It didn't get you, bitch. You've been acting defeated. - Okay, okay, okay, okay. I'm feeling nervous because I don't think I performed as well as I'm capable of. And just because I tripped myself up, it's no reason for me to go home. This Hollywood dream is not something to throw away. This is not something to give up on. I'm not finished here, and I'm gonna do my best over the roar of all the waves crashing around me. - God, whatever you are, help me with this lip sync if it happens to be mine. I came here to stay, and if that means lip syncing then I'm gonna do the best I can to give a show. - Is that a full body suit, the legs? - Mmhmm. - It stretch? - Yeah, I made it. - Yes, I love it. It's so cute. - Thanks. - Yes, lace body suit. - It's one cut, two seams. - I wasn't aware that this was America's next garbage bag. - Girl, save it for interview. - Garbage bag. - Oh, you're clocking me, bitch? - No, I'm not talking about you. - You're trying to clock me? - No, girl, I'm not trying to clock you. I'm trying to clock other people who are human, human garbage bags. - Oh, [bleep]. - If everybody wants to follow me out the door. (chatting) - I'm just gonna do this again. - Do it when we get over there. - Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Max, you are up for elimination. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life! Jaidynn Diore Fierce, Shantay, you stay. Max, you are a true original. Thank you for taking us all to the Max. Now, sashay away. (applause) My seven sisters, it's a time to celebrate. But first, I have a confession to make. I fear I've made a terrible mistake. That I've let one of the eliminated queens I'm just not sure which one. - Holy [bleep]. - One of them bitches better not be coming back. - All right ladies, let's reboot to the other side. - I haven't had the opportunity to show you everything that I have yet, just because I tripped myself up. What I've done in the amount of time that I was allotted is something I'm for sure proud of. That I made sure that I stayed true to myself. I won a couple challenges and I made some wonderful friends. I love you. - Thank you so much, love. - I'd like to say that I'm excited to go home, because there's no place like home. (laughs) I'm not crying, I just had a bad contact in my eye. I apologize. It is unfortunate that I had to leave especially during this particular episode 'cause I didn't think it was gonna be the one that took me down. I thought I was gonna do well at it, but... I still feel like I'm in sort of a dream state but it's the first of many dreamlike experiences that I plan on having in my life and so I think as long as I'm able to really learn from what I did and move forward, you know? You know, I'm about to jump off the end of the diving board to the rest of my career and it's all gonna be so amazing from here, from this point out. Thank you so much.